"WIN_HELP_ID"|"DESCRIPTION"|"BEGIN_DATE"|"END_DATE"|"MODIFY_USER_NAME"|"MODIFY_TS"|"SCREEN_NAME"|"SECTION_NAME"|"PAGE_NBR"|"USE_CASE_NBR"
"1"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"06-OCT-2023 12:26:56"|"N/A"|"N/A"|"0"|"UC-00"
"2"|"Public Welcome - DEP Announcements    This screen is used to view announcements, register new organizations, register within an existing organization or register for a WIN User role.    DEP ANNOUNCEMENTS section:  All announcements that have not expired will be listed in Date Posted order.    You can sort the announcements on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.   You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.  • Announcement Title - High level description of the announcement.  • Announcement - Displays the first 3 lines of the announcement.  You can click within the text field to see the full announcement in a popup screen.  To close the popup, click on the X.  • Posted Date - Date the announcement was posted.  • History Icon - If you click on the “H” icon, you will be taken to the “View Announcement History” screen to view expired announcements.    GENERAL GUIDANCE BLOCK:    • Register a New Organization as a Data Provider Administrator - You will click on this button if you want to register a new organization to upload data.  When clicked, you will be taken to the “Request New Organization” screen.  • Register within an Existing Organization - You will click on this button to register within an existing organization.  When clicked, you will be taken to the “Request Org Role” screen.  • Register as a WIN User - If you do not have a WIN User role, you may click on this button to request one.  • Login - If you are a registered WIN User, use this button to Login."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"27-FEB-2019 14:39:21"|"Public Welcome"|"DEP Announcements"|"1"|"UC-01"
"3"|"Welcome Screen - DEP Announcements    This screen is used to view announcements, request additional roles or review information specific to your Organization(s).    DEP ANNOUNCEMENTS section:  All announcements that have not expired will be listed in Date Posted order.  You can sort the announcements on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.  • Announcement Title - High level description of the announcement.  • Announcement - Displays the first 3 lines of the announcement.  You can click within the text field to see the full announcement in a popup screen.  To close the popup, click on the X.  • Posted Date - Date the announcement was posted.  • History Icon - If you click on the “H” icon, you will be taken to the “View Announcement History” screen to view expired announcements.    ORGANIZATION ID FILTER (optional):  Use the dropdown list displaying the ID and Name of the organizations in ID order to select one of the organizations.    LOAD REPORT button:   If you select this button, you will be taken to the “Load Report” screen.  If you have selected an Organization ID, it will be passed, otherwise you will see load information for all organizations with which you are associated.    ANOMALY IDENTIFIER:   Includes a Flagged count of the records requiring attention which will be displayed as a hyperlink to take you to the “Anomaly Search and List” screen.  • If you are a Data Provider (have a role of DPA, DL or MLM for the selected organization), the Anomaly Flagged record count will include the anomaly records which have a Response Code of “Waiting for Data Provider” and “Under Review by Data Provider” but does not yet have your resolution.  • If you are a DEP user (have a role of WA, WC or PSU), the Anomaly Flagged record count will include the anomaly records which you have created and the data provider has provided a response for your review (i.e., “Insufficient Information to Resolve”, “Resolved – changes implemented”, “Reviewed – no changes needed”).  The record will be removed from the count once you have entered your Resolution (i.e., “Anomaly Resolved”, “Anomaly Not Resolved”, “Nonresponsive”)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"27-FEB-2019 14:47:00"|"Welcome"|"DEP Announcements"|"1"|"UC-01"
"4"|"Welcome Screen - My Reminders    This screen is used to view messages specific to the Organization to which you are associated.  Each section allows you to sort the list by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to a field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    MY REMINDERS:  • Import Files that are about to expire for the selected organization(s) - This section will list the import files that are about to expire in ascending order of the date to be purged.    • List of Audit ID's - This section will list Audits entered within the last 14 days in descending order of the “Audit ID”.   All audits will be visible regardless of Organization.  The “Audit ID” is displayed as a hyperlink and will transfer you to the “Audit Detail” screen.    • List of Users requesting a role - Users will be listed in ascending order by the requested date.  Their User ID is displayed as a hyperlink and will transfer you to the “Org Role Setup” screen.  WA, WC (their orgs only), and DPAs (their orgs only) will only see role requests with a “Pending” status. If your role is other than WA, WC or DPA, you will see your requests for any status.  Note that once approved or declined, the requests will only be displayed for 14 days.    • List of Code Table Requests - Code Table Requests will be listed in ascending order by the requested date with the “Request ID” being displayed as a hyperlink to allow you to click to be taken to the “Standard Value List (SVL) Request Detail” screen.  If you have a role of WA or CM, you will see “Pending” status requests for code tables you are associated.  If your role is other than WA or CM you will only see your requests for any status.  Note that once approved or declined, the requests will only be displayed for 14 days.    • List of Projects - Before results can be loaded into projects, they must be assigned a “Project Intended Use” by your WIN Coordinator.  These projects will be listed in ascending order by the “Date Approved” with the “Project ID” displayed as a hyperlink to allow you to click to be taken to the “Project List” screen.  If you have a role of WA or WC (your orgs only), you will see projects that need an assigned “Project Intended Use”.  If your role is other than WA or WC, you will only see your Projects.   Note that once the “Project Intended Use” is assigned, the Projects will only be displayed for 14 days."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Welcome"|"My Reminders"|"1"|"UC-01"
"5"|"Request New Organization - Org. Address    This screen is used to create a new Organization and become the Data Provider Administrator for the new organization.  This section of the screen is where you enter the Organization Address information for the new organization.    ORG. ADDRESS FIELDS: (At least 1 Address is required)  • Address Type - Required.  Select type from drop-down list.  • Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  • City - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  As you are entering the city, all cities matching the characters you enter will appear in a list where you can select the city.  • State - Required, Select state from drop-down list.  • Zip Code - Required.  You will enter 5 digits.    ORG. ADDRESS ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Initially displayed to allow add of the first address and displayed when not in Edit mode to allow adding additional addresses for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in Add mode to allow updating of the address in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow canceling any changes entered and getting out of update mode.   • Delete - Only displayed if more than one address exists.  When clicked, it will delete the address record in focus if you OK the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address grid to show how many addresses exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last address record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Request New Organization"|"Org. Address"|"1"|"UC-02"
"6"|"Request New Organization - Org. Phone    This screen is used to create a new Organization and become the Data Provider Administrator for the new organization.  This section of the screen is where you enter the Organization Phone records for the new organization.    ORG. PHONE FIELDS: (At least 1 Phone Number is required)  • Phone No. Type - Required, Select type from drop-down list  • Phone Number - Required, You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers    ORG. PHONE ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Initially displayed to allow add of the first phone number and displayed when not in Edit mode to allow adding additional phone numbers for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in Add mode to allow updating of the phone record in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow canceling any changes entered and getting out of update mode.   • Delete - Only displayed if more than one phone number exists.  When clicked, it will delete the phone number record in focus if you OK the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the phone grid to show how many phone numbers exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last phone number record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Request New Organization"|"Org. Phone"|"1"|"UC-02"
"7"|"Request New Organization - Organization Detail    This screen is used to create a new Organization and become the Data Provider Administrator for the new organization.  This section of the screen is where you enter the Organization Detail information for the new organization.    ORGANIZATION DETAIL FIELDS:  • Organization Type - Required. Select a type from drop-down list.  • Coordination Area - Defaults to Pending and you cannot update it.  • Org ID - Defaults to Pending and you cannot update it.  • Org Status - Defaults to In Progress and you cannot update it.  • Organization Name - Required.  You can enter up to 120 characters and it must be unique within the WIN system.  • Org Internet Address - You can enter up to 120 characters.  • Org Description - You can enter up to 500 characters.    ORGANIZATION DETAIL ACTION BUTTONS:  • Save - Saves the Organization Detail information.  Once the detail information passes all edits and is saved, the Org. Address and Org. Phone sections are displayed; the Save button is hidden and the Edit button is displayed.  This button is also displayed after the Edit button is clicked to make updates. • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the Organization Detail.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  The Edit button will be hidden. • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the Organization Detail, clicking this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save return to the view where only with the Edit button displayed.    REQUEST NEW ORGANIZATION ACTION BUTTONS:  • Save & Request New Organization and DPA - Once you have entered all of the information into the Organization Detail, Org Address, and Org Phone sections according to the requirements, click on this button to submit your request.  An email will be sent to the WIN Administrator notifying them of the request.  You will get a message from the WIN system saying “Your request has been submitted for approval.  Please contact a WIN Administrator if you have any questions.”    • Cancel Request for New Organization - This button is displayed at all times.  If you decide to not continue the request for a new organization, click on this button.  The system will not save the request and send you to the Welcome screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"06-MAR-2019 15:24:48"|"Request New Organization"|"Organization Detail"|"1"|"UC-02"
"8"|"Request Org Role - Contact Address by Organization    This screen is used to join an existing Organization which you currently are not actively associated with, or a new Organization as a Data Provider (DPA, DL or MLM).  This section of the screen is where you enter the Address fields for the Organization you are wanting to join.  If you selected a radio button in the Existing Organization - Roles section, the Address information from that Organization Role will be defaulted in the fields but you can update the information if needed.  If an Organization Role was not selected, this section will default to your address from the DEP Portal.    CONTACT ADDRESS BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS: (At least 1 Address is required)  • Address Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  • City - Required.  You can update by entering up to 50 characters.  As you are entering the city, all cities matching the characters you enter will appear in a list where you can select the city.  • State - Required.  You can update by selecting a state from the drop-down list.  • Zip Code - Required.  You can update by entering up to 5 digits.      CONTACT ADDRESS BY ORGANIZATION ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Initially displayed to allow the addition of the first address, and displayed when not in Edit mode to allow adding additional addresses for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in Add mode to allow updating of the address in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow the cancellation of any changes entered.  • Delete - Only displayed if more than one address exists.  When clicked, it will delete the address record in focus if you click OK on the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address grid to show how many addresses exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last address record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"06-MAR-2019 13:49:50"|"Request Org Role"|"Contact Address by Organization"|"1"|"UC-03"
"9"|"Request Org Role - Contact Detail by Organization    This screen is used to join an existing Organization which you currently are not actively associated with, or a new Organization as a Data Provider (DPA, DL or MLM).  This section of the screen is where you enter the Contact information for the Organization you are wanting to join.  If you selected a radio button in the Existing “Organization – Roles” section, the Contact information from that Organization Role will be defaulted in the fields but you can update the information if needed.  If an Organization Role was not selected, this section will default to your contact information from the DEP Portal.    CONTACT DETAIL BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  • Name - Required.  Contains a field for the First name and one for the Last name.  You can update these fields by entering up to 100 characters into each field.  • Qualifier -  Defaults to “DEP” for DEP staff, “External” for non-DEP staff, and cannot be updated.  • User ID -  Defaults to your User ID and cannot be updated.  • Email - Required. You can update by entering up to 100 characters and it must contain the “@” character  • Status - Defaults to “In Progress” and  cannot be updated.  Once you submit the request, the status will change to “Pending”.  • Type - Required.  Select the desired organization type from the drop-down list.  • Role Requested - Required.  Select the desired role for the organization from the drop-down list.  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.    CONTACT DETAIL BY ORGANIZATION BUTTONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the Contact Detail.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes.  The Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the Contact Detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the detail information, click on Save to have the system verify the information entered.  The information is saved if no errors are found.  The Contact Address by Organization and Contact Phone by Organization and Join and Organization sections are displayed and the Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit button is displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the Contact Detail, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"06-MAR-2019 13:42:34"|"Request Org Role"|"Contact Detail by Organization"|"1"|"UC-03"
"10"|"Request Org Role - Contact Phone by Organization    This screen is used to join an existing Organization which you currently are not actively associated with, or a new Organization as a Data Provider (DPA, DL or MLM).  This section of the screen is where you enter the Phone Number fields for the Organization you are wanting to join.  If you selected a radio button in the Existing Organization - Roles section, the Phone information from that Organization Role will be defaulted in the fields but you can update the information if needed.  If an Organization Role was not selected, this section will default to your phone information from the DEP Portal.    CONTACT PHONE BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  (At least 1 Phone is required)   • Phone No. Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Phone Number - Required.  You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format.  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    CONTACT PHONE BY ORGANIZATION ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Initially displayed to allow the addition of the first phone number.  After the first number is entered and saved, + Add is displayed to allow adding additional phone numbers for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in + Add mode to allow updating of the phone record in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow the saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow the canceling of any changes entered. • Delete - Only displayed if more than one phone number exists.  When clicked, it will allow the deletion of the phone number record in focus.   Confirm the deletion by clicking OK in the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the phone grid to show how many phone numbers exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last phone number record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"06-MAR-2019 13:59:31"|"Request Org Role"|"Contact Phone by Organization"|"1"|"UC-03"
"11"|"Request Org Role - Existing Organizations - Roles    This screen is used to join an existing Organization which you currently are not actively associated with, or a new Organization as a Data Provider (DPA, DL or MLM).  This section of the screen is where you view all of your existing organizations and roles.  You can select one of your existing organization roles to use the contact information from that organization role for the new organization - role being created.  If you are not currently associated with any organization, this section will be empty.    EXISTING ORGANIZATION - ROLES FIELDS:  You can sort the Organizations - Roles table on any field (except Apply) by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column.  Click again to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the field headers to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” matches of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press you Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Apply - Radio button to select an organization - role to use the contact information in creating the new organization role request.  • Org ID  • Organization Name  • Role (role that was assigned)  • Role Status  • Role Start Date (MM/DD/YYYY)  • Role End Date (MM/DD/YYYY)    EXISTING ORGANIZATION - ROLES ACTION BUTTONS:   • + Add role using existing info - You will use this option if you want to transfer the contact information from an existing Organization - Role in creating your new request.  Click on the radio button in the Apply column of an existing organization and click on the “+ Add role using existing info” button.  The system will display a message “You have selected to transfer all the Contact Information for the selected Organization to the new Organization. Do you want to continue?” with the options OK and Cancel.  If you select the OK option, the sections below will be populated with the information from the selected organization - role.  If you click Cancel, no action will be taken.  • + Add role using new info - Will allow creation of the request without using contact information from an existing organization - role.    REQUEST ORG ROLE ACTION BUTTONS:  • Save & Request New Role - Once you have entered / updated valid information according to the requirements in the Contact, Address, Phone and Join an Organization sections, you can click on this button to submit your request for an Org Role.  The system will display a message asking for you to confirm you wish to submit the request.  If you select the OK option, the system will save your request, send an email to the Data Provider Administrator(s) for the organization selected and display the message “Your request has been submitted for approval.  Please contact a WIN Administrator if you have any questions.”  • Cancel Request and Clear Screen - If you decide not to submit the request, click on this button and the system will not save the request and send you to the Welcome screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"06-MAR-2019 14:11:38"|"Request Org Role"|"Existing Organizations - Roles"|"1"|"UC-03"
"12"|"Request Org Role - Join an Organization    This screen is used to join an existing Organization which you currently are not actively associated with, or a new Organization as a Data Provider (DPA, DL or MLM).  This section of the screen is where you select the Organization you are wanting to join, or you can select to request a new organization to join, or select to request a new organization.    JOIN AN ORGANIZATION FIELDS:   This section will contain all active organizations that you are not actively associated with for you to select the organization you wish to join.  You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column.  Click the arrows to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the headers to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press your Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select - Radio button to select the organization to join.  • Org ID  • Organization Name  • Description    JOIN AN ORGANIZATION BUTTONS:  • Request New Organization - This is only enabled if you navigate to this screen when Registering a New Organization as a Data Provider Administrator or after entering the filter criteria for the list of Organizations."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"08-MAR-2019 14:33:49"|"Request Org Role"|"Join an Organization"|"1"|"UC-03"
"13"|"Request DEP Role - DEP User Detail    This screen is used to request one of the following roles in WIN: WIN Administrator (WA), WIN Coordinator (WC), Program Specific User (PSU), Audit manager (AM), or Code Manager (CM).  Some of the fields in this section will default to your information from the DEP Portal.    DEP USER DETAIL FIELDS:  • Name - Required.  Defaulted. Contains a field for the First name and one for the Last name.  You can update these fields, up to 100 characters can be entered into each field.  • Qualifier - Defaults to ‘DEP' for DEP staff and ‘External' for non-DEP.  You cannot update this field.  • User ID - Defaults to your User ID.  You cannot update this field • Email - Required, Defaulted. You can update by entering up to 100 characters and must contain the “@” character.  • Status - Defaults to Pending and you cannot update this field.  • Type - Required.  Select the desired type from the drop-down list.  • Role Requested - Required.  Select the desired role for the organization from the drop-down list which contains: “Win Administrator” (WA), “WIN Coordinator” (WC), “Program Specific User” (PSU), “Audit Manager” (AM) and “Code Manager” (CM).  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.  • Affiliation - Required.  Defaults to “WDS” and you can update using the drop-down list.    DEP USER DETAIL BUTTONS / ACTIONS:  • Save & Request New Role - Once all required fields are filled in, click this button to submit your request for a DEP role.  The system will send a notification email to the WIN Administrator.  The system will display the message “Your request has been submitted for approval.  Please contact a WIN Administrator if you have any questions.” and then return you to the screen you came from.  • Cancel Request and Clear Screen - If you decide to not submit the request for a new DEP Role, you can click on this button to cancel the request, clear the screen and transfer you to the Welcome Screen.  • Request New Value - This option is available on the Affiliation SVL field (Standard Value List).  By clicking on the (+), you are transferred to the “Request New SVL Value” screen to enter a request to have a new/updated value for affiliation."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"08-MAR-2019 14:44:44"|"Req DEP Role"|"DEP User Detail"|"1"|"UC-04"
"14"|"Pending Requests - DEP Role List    This screen is used when you have a role of WA and are responsible for reviewing requests for New DEP Roles to approve or deny those requests.  This section lists requests with a status of Pending for a DEP Role of WA, WC, PSU, CM or AM.    DEP ROLE LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the drop-down arrows next to the column header.  Click the arrows to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the headers to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.  •  User ID of the requestor (displayed as a hyperlink)  •  New Contact Name (First Last)  •  Email  •  Role Requested  •  Affiliation  •  Submitted Date (MM/DD/YYYY)    To select a request for Review, click on the hyperlink of the User ID and the system will transfer you to the “DEP Role Setup” screen to approve or deny the request."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"08-MAR-2019 15:00:12"|"Pending Requests"|"DEP Role List"|"1"|"UC-05"
"15"|"Pending Requests - New Organization List    This screen is used when you have a role of WA (any organization) and are responsible for approving or denying requests for New Organizations.  This section lists requests with a status of Pending for a New Organization and role request for Data Provider Administrator.    NEW ORGANIZATION LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the drop-down arrows next to the column header.  Click on the arrows to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the headers to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    •  User ID of the requestor (displayed as a hyperlink)  •  New DPA Name for requested new organization (First Last)  •  Email  •  New Org Name  •  Submitted Date (MM/DD/YYYY)    To select a request for Review, click on the hyperlink of the User ID and the system will transfer you to the “New Organization Setup” screen to approve or deny the request."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"08-MAR-2019 15:08:52"|"Pending Requests"|"New Organization List"|"1"|"UC-05"
"16"|"Pending Requests - Org Role List    This screen is used when you have a role of DPA (your organizations), WC (your organizations) or WA (any organization) and are responsible for reviewing requests for New Organizations to approve or deny those requests.  This section lists requests with a status of Pending for a role of Data Provider Administrator (DPA), Data Loader (DL) or Monitoring Location Manager (MLM).    ORG ROLE LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • User ID of the requestor (displayed as a hyperlink)  • New Contact Name (First Last)  • Email  • Role Requested  • Org Name  • Submitted Date (MM/DD/YYYY)    To select a request for Review, click on the hyperlink of the User ID and the system will transfer you to the “Org Role Setup” screen to approve or deny the request."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Pending Requests"|"Org Role List"|"1"|"UC-05"
"17"|"New Organization Setup - Data Provider Administrator    This screen is used when you have a role of WA and are responsible for reviewing  requests for a New Organization and Data Provider Administrator (DPA).  The screen has 2 tabs, one for the DPA and one for the New Organization.  This describes the Data Provider Administrator (DPA) tab.  Most of the fields are populated with the information from the request.    DPA DETAIL BY NEW ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  •  Qualifier -Not Editable.  •  User-ID - Not Editable.  •  Email - Required.  You can update by entering up to 100 characters and must contain the “@” character.  •  Status - Set to Pending and is updated by the system based upon your review (Approved or Declined).  •  Type - Required.  Can be changed by selecting the desired type from the drop-down list.  •  Role Requested - Not Editable.  •  Role Granted - Defaults to DPA and is Not Editable.  •  Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.    DPA ADDRESS BY NEW ORGANIZATION FIELDS:   •  Address Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  •  Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  •  Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  •  City - Required.  You can update by entering up to 50 characters.  •  State - Required.  You can update by selecting a state from the drop-down list.  •  Zip Code - Required.  You can update by entering up to 5 digit.    DPA PHONE BY NEW ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  •  Phone No. Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  •  Phone Number - Required.  You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format.  •  Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    ACTION BUTTONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the record in focus.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the Contact Detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the record, click on Save to have the system verify the data entered and is save the data if no errors are found.  The Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit and Delete (of allowed)  buttons are displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the record, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed.  • Delete - Only available in the Phone and Address sections when more than one record exists.  When clicked, the system will ask you to confirm you want to delete the Phone or Address record and delete it if you OK the message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address and phone grids to show how many records exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last  record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"New Organization Setup"|"Data Provider Administrator"|"1"|"UC-06"
"18"|"New Organization Setup - Organization Detail    This screen is used when  you have a role of WA and are responsible for reviewing requests for a New Organization and Data Provider Administrator (DPA).  The screen has 2 tabs, one for the DPA and one for the Organization.  This section describes the Organization Detail (New Org) tab.  Most of the fields are populated with the information from the request.    ORG DETAIL FIELDS:  •  Organization Type - Required. You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  •  Coordination Area - Required.  Select a coordination area from the drop-down list, once selected, the WIN Coordinators list will be created based on this value.  •  Org ID - Was set to Pending when request was created, must enter a valid ID that is unique within WIN up to 30 characters.  •  Org Status - Set to Pending and is updated by the system based upon your review (Approved or Declined).  •  Organization Name - Required.  You can enter up to 120 characters.  •  Org Internet Address - Required.  You can update by entering up to 120 characters and must contain the “@” character.  •  Org Description - You can update by entering up to 500 characters.    WIN COORDINATORS:  Once the Coordination Area is selected, the list is populated with all active WIN Coordinators (WC) associated with the selected area.  You can remove any unwanted WC by clicking on Delete.  You can add / replace any WC regardless of the coordination area from the pull down list. At least one WC is required.    ORG ADDRESS FIELDS:  •  Address Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  •  Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  •  Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  •  City - Required.  You can update by entering up to 50 characters.  •  State - Required.  You can update by selecting a state from the drop-down list.  •  Zip Code - Required.  You can update by entering up to 5 digits.    ORG PHONE FIELDS:  •  Phone No. Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  •  Phone Number - Required.  You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format.  •  Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    ACTION BUTTONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the record in focus.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the Contact Detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the record, click on Save to have the system verify the data entered and is save the data if no errors are found.  The Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit and Delete (of allowed)  buttons are displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the record, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed.  • Delete - Only available in the Phone and Address sections when more than one record exists.  When clicked, the system will ask you to confirm you want to delete the Phone or Address record and delete it if you OK the message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address and phone grids to show how many records exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last  record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"New Organization Setup"|"Organization Detail"|"1"|"UC-06"
"19"|"REQUEST OPTIONS:  •  Approve DPA Role and Organization - Once all of the required fields contain valid data, this will be enabled and you can click on this option to Approve the request.  The system will ask you to confirm you want to approve the request.  You can Cancel the approval or OK the approval.  If you OK the message, the system will update the request to a Status of Approved and email the DPA and assigned WCs notifying them of the approval of the new Organization and DPA.  You will then be transferred to the Pending Requests screen.    •  Deny DPA Role and Organization - You will click on this option to Deny the request.  The system will ask you to confirm you want to deny the request.  You can Cancel the denial or OK the denial.  If you OK the message, the system will update the request to a Status of Declined and email the DPA and organization notifying them of the denial of the new Organization and DPA.  You will then be transferred to the Pending Requests screen.    •  Cancel and Back to Pending Request List - If you decide to not approve / deny the request at this time, you can click on this option and confirm the message to remove any changes made and return you to the Pending Requests screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"New Organization Setup - Org"|"Organization Detail"|"2"|"UC-06"
"20"|"Org Role Setup    This screen is used when you have a role of WA, WC or DPA and are responsible for reviewing requests for a New Organization Role.  Most of the fields are populated with the information from the request.    CONTACT DETAIL BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS :   • Name - Required.  Contains a field for the First name and one for the Last name.  You can update these fields by entering up to 100 characters.  • Qualifier -Not Editable.  • User-ID - Not Editable.  • Email - Required.  You can update by entering up to 100 characters and it must contain the “@” character.  • Status - Set to Pending and is updated to Approved or Declined by the system based upon your review.  • Type - Required.  Can be changed by selecting the desired type from the drop-down list.  • Role Requested - Not Editable.  • Role Granted - Required, Select role to be assigned from the drop-down list containing: Data Loader (DL), Monitoring Location Manager (MLM) or Data Provider Administrator (DPA).  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.    CONTACT ADDRESS BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:   • Address Type - Required. You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  • City - Required.  You can update by entering up to 50 characters.  • State - Required.  You can update by selecting a state from the drop-down list.  • Zip Code - Required.  You can update by entering up to 5 digits.    CONTACT PHONE BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:     • Phone No. Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Phone Number - Required.  You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format.  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    JOINED ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  • Org ID - Originally displays the Org ID that was selected when the request was entered.  If you select a different organization, that Org ID will be displayed.  • Organization Name - Originally displays the Organization Name that was selected when the request was entered.  If you select a different organization, that Organization Name will be displayed.  • Description - You can update the description.    ACTION BUTTONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the record in focus.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the Contact Detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the record, click on Save to have the system verify the data entered and is save the data if no errors are found.  The Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit and Delete (of allowed)  buttons are displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the record, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed.  • Delete - Only available in the Phone and Address sections when more than one record exists.  When clicked, the system will ask you to confirm you want to delete the Phone or Address record and delete it if you OK the message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address and phone grids to show how many records exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last  record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Org Role Setup"|"Org Role Setup"|"1"|"UC-07"
"21"|"REQUEST OPTIONS:  • Approve New Contact for this Organization - Once all of the required fields contain valid data, this will be enabled and you can click on this option to Approve the request.  The system will ask you to confirm you want to approve the request.  You can Cancel the approval or OK the approval.  If you OK the message, the system will update any existing roles the user has for this organization to show an End date and update the request to a Status of Approved and email the active DPAs of the approval of the new Contact for the Organization.  You will then be transferred to the Pending Requests screen.    • Deny New Contact for this Organization - You will click on this option to Deny the request.  The system will ask you to confirm you want to deny the request.  You can Cancel the denial or OK the denial.  If you OK the message, the system will update the request to a Status of Declined and email the requestor notifying them of the denial of the new contact for the Organization.  You will then be transferred to the Pending Requests screen.    • Cancel and Back to Pending Request List - If you decide to not approve / deny the request at this time, you can click on this option and confirm the message to remove any changes made and return you to the Pending Requests screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Org Role Setup"|"Org Role Setup"|"2"|"UC-07"
"22"|"DEP Role Setup    This screen is used when you have a role of WA and are responsible for reviewing requests from DEP Internal Users for a DEP Role.  After reviewing, you can decide to approve or deny the request.     DEP USER DETAIL FIELDS:  • Name - Required.  Contains a field for the First name and one for the Last name.  You can update these fields by entering up to 100 characters.  • Qualifier -Not Editable.  • User-ID - Not Editable.  • Email - Required.  You can update by entering up to 100 characters and it must contain the “@” character.  • Status - Set to Pending when request was created and is updated by the system to Approved or Declined based upon your review.  • Type - Required.  Can be changed by selecting the desired type from the drop-down list.  • Role Requested - Not Editable.  • Role Assigned - Required.  Select role to be assigned from the drop-down list containing: WIN Administrator (WA), Program Specific User (PSU), Audit Manager (AM), WIN Coordinator (WC), Code Manager (CM).  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.  • Affiliation - Required.  Can be updated by selecting a value from the drop-down list.    DEP USER DETAIL ACTION BUTTONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to and detail field other than Role Assigned.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the record, click on Save to have the system verify the data entered and is save the data if no errors are found.  The Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit button is displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the detail, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed.    ASSIGN ORGANIZATION TO WIN COORDINATOR FIELDS:  If the role assigned is WIN COORDINATOR (WC), the following section will be displayed and at least one Organization must be selected to be associated with the WC role.  All organizations will be displayed.      You can sort the organizations on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    You can use the All option to select all displayed organizations or check individual organizations to be assigned to the WC.  None of the fields displayed can be updated in this section.  Once an organization is selected, the Approve button is enabled.    • Assign - Checkbox to allow selection of the organization  • Coordination Area  • Org ID  • New Org Name  • Description"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"29-MAR-2019 14:36:15"|"DEP Role Setup"|"DEP Role Setup"|"1"|"UC-08"
"23"|"ASSIGN CODE TABLES TO CODE MANAGER FIELDS:  If the role assigned is Code Manager (CM), the following section will be displayed and at least one Code Table must be selected to be associated with the CM role.  All code tables will be displayed.      You can sort the code tables on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    You can use the All option to select all displayed code tables or check individual code tables to be assigned to the CM.  None of the fields displayed can be updated in this section.  Once a code table is selected, the Approve button is enabled.    • Assign - Checkbox to allow selection of the code table.  • Code Table Name  • Short Name  • Description    REQUEST OPTIONS:  • Approve DEP Role - To approve the request, you must select the role to be assigned.  Once a role is assigned, this button will be enabled.  When you click on this button, the system will ask you to confirm you want to approve the request.  You can Cancel the approval or OK the approval.  If you OK the message, the system will update the request to a Status of Approved and email the requestor of the approval of the DEP Role.  You will then be transferred to the Pending Requests screen.    • Deny DEP Role - You will click on this option to Deny the request.  The system will ask you to confirm you want to deny the request.  You can Cancel the denial or OK the denial.  If you OK the message, the system will update the request to a Status of Declined and email the requestor notifying them of the denial of the DEP Role.  You will then be transferred to the Pending Requests screen.    • Cancel and Back to Pending Request List - If you decide to not approve / deny the request at this time, you can click on this option and confirm the message to remove any changes made and return you to the Pending Requests screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"29-MAR-2019 14:50:26"|"DEP Role Setup"|"DEP Role Setup"|"2"|"UC-08"
"24"|"My Account - Contact Address by Organization    This screen is used to view and maintain your account.  You can change your contact information, end a role, request a new organization role or request a DEP Role.  This section of the screen is where you can update your contact address information and enter additional address records for the associated organization.      CONTACT ADDRESS BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS: (At least 1 Address is required)  • Address Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  • City - Required.  You can update by entering up to 50 characters.  As you are entering the city, all cities matching the characters you enter will appear in a list where you can select the city.  • State - Required.  You can update by selecting a state from the drop-down list.  • Zip Code - Required.  You can update by entering up to 5 digits.      CONTACT ADDRESS BY ORGANIZATION ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add -Displayed when not in Edit mode to allow adding additional addresses for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in Add mode to allow updating of the address in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow canceling any changes entered and getting out of update mode.   • Delete - Only displayed if more than one address exists.  When clicked, it will delete the address record in focus if you OK the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address grid to show how many address records exist and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last address record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"My Account"|"Contact Address by Organization"|"1"|"UC-09"
"25"|"My Account - Contact Detail by Organization    This screen is used to view and maintain your account.  You can change your contact information, end a role, request a new organization role or request a DEP Role.  This section of the screen displays the contact detail information and allows you to update some of the fields.  You also can request a new organization role from this section.    CONTACT DETAIL BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  • Name - Cannot be updated.  • User-ID - Cannot be updated.  • Email - Required. You can update by entering up to 100 characters and it must contain the “@” character  • Qualifier - Cannot be updated.  • Type - Required.  Select the desired type from the drop-down list.  • Role - Cannot be updated.  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.    CONTACT DETAIL BY ORGANIZATION BUTTONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the Contact Detail.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the Contact Detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the detail information, click on Save to have the system verify the data entered and is save the data if no errors are found.  The Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit button is displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the Contact Detail, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed.  • Request Org Role - If you click on this button, the system will display a message with the request to navigate to the Request Organization Role screen.  Click OK to navigate to the Request Organization Role screen , or Cancel to stay on the My Account screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"01-OCT-2021 13:46:59"|"My Account"|"Contact Detail by Organization"|"1"|"UC-09"
"26"|"My Account - Contact Phone by Organization    This screen is used to view and maintain your account.  You can change your contact information, end a role, request a new organization role or request a DEP Role.  This section of the screen is where you can update your contact phone information and enter additional phone records for the associated organization.    CONTACT PHONE BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  (At least 1 Phone is required)   • Phone No. Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Phone Number - Required.  You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format.  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    CONTACT PHONE BY ORGANIZATION ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Displayed when not in Edit mode to allow adding phone numbers for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in Add mode to allow updating of the phone record in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow canceling any changes entered and getting out of update mode.   • Delete - Only displayed if more than one phone number exists.  When clicked, it will delete the phone number record in focus if you OK the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the phone grid to show how many phone numbers exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last phone number record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"My Account"|"Contact Phone by Organization"|"1"|"UC-09"
"27"|"My Account - DEP Roles    This screen is used to view and maintain your account.  You can change your contact information, end a role, request a new organization role or request a DEP Role.  This section of the screen displays all your current DEP Roles.  Selecting one of the roles will display your contact information for that role.    DEP ROLES FIELDS:  Active Roles will be displayed first in the list.  You can sort the rows on any field (except Select) by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select - Radio button to select a role to display in the sections below.   • Role  • Role Status  • Role Start Date  • Role End Date    DEP ROLES BUTTONS:  • Show Org Roles - Clicking on this will change the screen to display all your Organization roles.  • Discontinue Role - To discontinue a role, you need to select the Role you wish to discontinue and then click on this button.  The system will display a popup window for you to enter the date you want the role to be ended.  The date entered must be a valid date and cannot be a future date and cannot be before the Start date.  A calendar popup is available to select the date or you can enter the date.  If you OK the message after entering the date, the system will update that organization role to a status of “Inactive” and store the role end date."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"29-MAR-2019 15:09:13"|"My Account"|"DEP Roles"|"1"|"UC-09"
"28"|"My Account - DEP User Detail    This screen is used to view and maintain user accounts.  You can change the contact information, end a role, request an organization role or request a DEP Role.  This section of the screen allows you to view and update the detail information for the selected role.    USER-ID SECTION:  Defaults to your User-ID.  If you have the “WIN Administrator” (WA) role, you can select a different User-ID from the drop-down list to update the account information.  All sections on this screen are for the selected User-ID.    DEP USER DETAIL FIELDS:  • Name - Cannot be updated.  • Qualifier - Cannot be updated.  • Email - Cannot be updated.  • User-ID - Cannot be updated.  • Type - Required.  Select the desired type from the drop-down list.  • Role Requested - Cannot be updated.  • Status - Cannot be updated.  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters.  • Affiliation - Required.  You can update using the drop-down list.    DEP USER DETAIL BUTTONS / ACTIONS:  • Edit - Click this button if you need to make a change to the User Detail.  Once clicked, the updateable fields will allow changes and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Edit button will be hidden.  • Save - Displayed when the User Detail section is in update mode.  After making your changes to the detail information, click on Save to have the system verify the data entered and is save the data if no errors are found.  After the Save, the Save and Cancel buttons are hidden and the Edit button is displayed.    • Cancel - If you do not wish to make any changes to the User Detail, clicking on this button will clear any changes you have made since the last Save and change the section back to view only with the Edit button displayed.  • Request DEP Role - If you click on this button, the system will take you to the “Request DEP Role” screen.   • Request Org Role - If you click on this button, the system will take you to the “Request Org Role” screen.    CODE MANAGER ASSIGNED CODE TABLES FIELDS / BUTTONS:  If the selected role is “Code Manager” (CM), this section will be displayed where you can see the code tables assigned to the user and remove / add code tables to the assigned list.    You can sort the rows on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Code Table Name  • Short Name  • Description  • Edit Assigned Code Tables button - If you click this button, the Assign Code Tables to Code Manager section will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit Assigned Code Tables is selected to allow saving of the changes entered in the Assign Code Tables to Code Manager section.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit Assigned Code Tables is selected to allow canceling any changes entered and getting out of update mode."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"My Account"|"DEP User Detail"|"1"|"UC-09"
"29"|"ASSIGN CODE TABLES TO CODE MANAGER FIELDS:  All currently assigned code tables will be listed first and all available ones will be listed after in alphabetical order.  You can uncheck any previously assigned code tables to remove them and check any available code tables to add them and then click on Save to update the assigned code tables.    You can sort the rows on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  • Assign - Checkbox for each code table for selection.  If you click on the checkbox in the heading, it will check all rows displayed.  By checking it again, it will make all checkboxes unchecked.  • Code Table Name - You can use the text box below the Code Table Name header to do a smart search in looking for code tables by entering the first few characters and if any code tables match they will be listed where you can select the table and press the enter key to only display that code table.  You can also enter part of a table name (such as type) in the text box and hit enter to only display code tables with the text you entered in the name.  • Short Name  • Description    WIN COORDINATOR ASSIGNED ORGANIZATIONS FIELDS / BUTTONS:  If the selected role is “WIN Coordinator” (WC), this section will be displayed where you can see the organizations assigned to the user and remove / add organizations to the assigned list.  You can sort the rows on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.  • Coordination Area  • Org ID  • Org Name  • Description  • Edit Assigned Organizations button - If you click this button, the Assign Organizations to WIN Coordinator section and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit Assigned Organizations is selected to allow saving of the changes entered in the Assign Organizations to WIN Coordinator section.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit Assigned Organizations is selected to allow canceling any changes entered and getting out of update mode.     ASSIGN ORGANIZATIONS TO WIN COORDINATOR FIELDS:  All currently assigned organizations will be listed first and all available ones will be listed after in alphabetical order.  You can uncheck any previously assigned organizations to remove them and check any available organizations to add them and then click on Save to update the assigned organizations.  You can sort the rows on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the field headings to enter text and press enter to filter the records displayed.  On the Org ID field, you can use the smart search where you start entering the first characters of the Org ID and a list will appear showing all that match the characters entered where you can select one.  • Assign - Checkbox for each organization for selection.  If you click on the checkbox in the heading, it will check all rows displayed.  By checking it again, it will make all checkboxes unchecked.  • Coordination Area  • Org ID  • Org Name  • Description"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"My Account"|"DEP User Detail"|"2"|"UC-09"
"30"|"My Account - Roles by Organization    This screen is used to view and maintain your account.  You can change your contact information, end a role, request a new organization role or request a DEP Role.  This section of the screen displays all of your current Roles associated with organizations.  Selecting one of the roles will display your contact information for the selected organization role combination in the sections below.    ROLES BY ORGANIZATION FIELDS:  Active Roles will be displayed first in the list.   You can sort the rows on any field (except Select) by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select - Radio button to select an organization / role to display in the sections below.   • Org ID  • Organization Name  • Role  • Role Status  • Role Start Date  • Role End Date    ROLES BY ORGANIZATION BUTTONS:  • Show DEP Roles - Clicking on this will change the screen to display all of your DEP roles.  • Discontinue Role - To discontinue a role, you need to select the Organization - Role you wish to discontinue and then click on this button.  The system will display a popup window for you to enter the date you want the role to be ended.  The date entered must be a valid date and cannot be a future date and cannot be before the Start date.  A calendar popup is available to select the date or you can enter the date.  If you OK the message after entering the date, the system will update that organization role to a status of “Inactive” and store the role end date."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"My Account"|"Roles by Organization"|"1"|"UC-09"
"31"|"Manage Configs - Import Configuration List    This section of the “Manage Configs” screen is used to access your previously saved upload configurations for your active organizations .  The configurations may be viewed, edited, cloned, or deleted. You can also initiate the creation of a new configuration from here.     HOW TO CREATE A NEW CONFIGURATION - To create a new Import Configuration, click on the “Add” icon.  You will to be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen to create a new Import Configuration.     HOW TO VIEW, EDIT, CLONE, OR DELETE AN EXISTING CONFIGURATION - To view, edit, clone, or delete an existing configuration, select the desired configuration from the Import Configuration List (see IMPORT CONFIGURATION LIST FIELDS below) by checking the “Select” radio button and then select the appropriate action button (see IMPORT CONFIGURATION LIST ACTION BUTTONS below) for the function you want to perform.    IMPORT CONFIGURATION LIST FIELDS:   No updates to the Import Configurations are allowed from this screen.  The data is provided to allow identification of the desired configuration.  You can sort the data list by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down arrow on the data field header at the top of the row (when available).  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.  • Select - Click the Radio Button to select the configuration.  • Configuration Type - Indicates the type of configuration.  Samples of types are: Activity and Results, Monitoring Location (GW), Monitoring Location (SW), Project.  • Organization ID - The Organization associated with the import configuration.  • Configuration Name - The name given to the configuration for identification.  • Configuration ID - The system generated identifier assigned to this configuration.  • Last Modified By - Displays the user who last modified the configuration."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Manage Configs"|"Import Configuration List"|"1"|"UC-10"
"32"|"Manage Configs - Other Import Configurations    This section of the “Manage Configs” screen is displayed when you select the “Show Other Org Configurations” or “Show System Configurations”.  This screen allows you to access common import configurations (e.g., ADaPT deliverable), which are created and managed by the WIN Administrators or  import configurations for Organizations to which you do not have an active role, depending on which option was used to come to this section.  These configurations cannot be updated but can be cloned for your use.    OTHER IMPORT CONFIGURATIONS FIELDS:   No updates to the Import Configurations are allowed from this screen.  The data is provided to allow identification of the desired configuration.#  You can sort the data list by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down arrow on the data field header at the top of the row (when available).  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select - Click the Radio Button to select a configuration.  • Configuration Type - Indicates the type of configuration.  Samples of types are: Activity and Results, Monitoring Location (GW), Monitoring Location (SW), Project.  • Organization ID - The Organization associated with the import configuration or “SYSTEM” for system configurations.  • Configuration Name - The name given to the configuration for identification.  • Configuration ID - The system generated identifier assigned to this configuration.  • Last Modified By - Displays the user who last modified the configuration.    IMPORT CONFIGURATION LIST ACTION BUTTONS:  Once the configuration is identified, the user activates the Radio Button for the desired configuration and then selects the action to be performed.  • View - You will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen to view the detail information.   No updates will be allowed.  • Clone Configuration - You will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  The cloned configuration will be displayed without the “Org ID” and “Name” fields so you can select/enter the new information.  The system will also create a new config ID for this new configuration.  You can make changes to other fields as desired to create the new configuration."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Manage Configs"|"Other Import Configurations"|"1"|"UC-10"
"33"|"Import Configuration Detail - Columns    This portion of the “Import Configuration Detail” screen is used to communicate the order in which the system should read the data in your upload file.  For brand new configurations, the columns will be in default order based on the selected dataset type.  If “Edit”, “View” or “Clone” was selected, the saved order for the selected configuration will be displayed.    COLUMNS FIELDS:  • Req - If the attribute is required, an asterisk “*” will be displayed.  You cannot change this field.  • Pos - Required field.  Indicates the position number (order) the data columns will be displayed.  If this is a new configuration, the data will be displayed in the default order for the selected dataset type.  To modify the order, enter the correct column number in the “Pos” column.  To move a column between two existing columns, example between rows 4 and 5, any decimal value between 4 and 5 (i.e., 4.5) can be entered.  The system will correctly reorder the positions to whole numbers once you have confirmed that you want to save your changes. The same position cannot be used more than once.   When the data is saved, the position numbers will be updated so there are no missing numbers, only whole numbers. If you left a number out in the order sequence, the system will reorder the numbers for you.  You can also use the ‘Move Up' and ‘Move Down' action buttons to change positions.  • Column Name - The WIN Attribute Name.  This field cannot be updated.  • Max - The maximum length allowed of the value associated with the attribute.  This field cannot be updated.  • Include - Turn the radio button on to indicate the Attribute is included in this import configuration for data upload.  • Default Value - Indicates the value that WIN will use to populate this attribute if no value is provided in the import file for the specified “Column Name”.  This field will be a pull-down list if the “Column Type” has a SVL (standard value list), otherwise it shall be a text field. In order to use this feature, the associated “Column Name” must exist in the upload file.   • Generate - Turn the Radio button on to instruct the system to use the “Generate Value” for this attribute during the upload.  In order to use this feature, the associated “Column Name” cannot exist in the upload file.  • Generate Value - Required if the “Generate” Radio Button is on.  This field will be a pull-down list if the “Column Type” has a SVL (standard value list), otherwise it shall be a text field.   The system will generate this entire column for you using the value you enter in the “Generate Value” box.  • Column Type - Describes the type of data the system expects for the associated “Column Name” attribute.  This field cannot be updated.  • Format - If certain types of data are entered (e.g., Date, Date/Time, Latitude, Longitude) a format must be selected from the drop down to identify the format of the data being uploaded.  The list of the available format choices will be dependent on the specific “Column Name”.  • Translation - Button will be displayed if Column Type is “SVL”.  Clicking the button will take you to the “Translations” screen to set up translations for this column."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Import Config Detail"|"Columns"|"1"|"UC-11"
"34"|"COLUMNS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Move Up and Move Down - To change the position of an attribute, highlight or select the attribute to move and then click the “Move Up” or “Move Down” button to move the attribute up or down.  The system will recalculate the position numbers based upon the movement selected.  • Ignore - Used to ignore a column in the upload.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking for the position number of the column to be ignored.  You will enter the column position number and then select “Continue” or “Cancel”.  If “Continue” is selected, a new row will be added at the entered position number and “IGNORE” in the column name."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Import Config Detail"|"Columns"|"2"|"UC-11"
"35"|"Import Configuration Detail - Header Template    HEADER TEMPLATE:  Provides a text field into which you can enter a pipe delimited list of WIN Column Names in the order the data exists in your file to be uploaded.  When you click the “Apply” button, the system will verify the names entered as valid in WIN and, if valid, will reorder the Columns (Position Number) according to the order in the header template.  Names entered in this field must be an exact match to the expected WIN column names for the selected import file type.  If the names entered are not valid, a message will be displayed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Import Config Detail"|"Header Template"|"1"|"UC-11"
"36"|"Import Configuration Detail    This screen allows you to create, view, edit, delete or clone an existing Import Configuration.  You came here from the “Manage Configs” screen by clicking on the “Add”, “View”, “Clone” or “Edit” icons or selected the “Config ID” hyperlink from another screen.    If the Clone option was selected, a screen is displayed for you to choose between “Clone Configuration & Translations” or “Clone Configuration Only”.  If you select “Clone Configuration & Translations”, the structure and format (i.e., order of columns, defaults, date formats, etc.) of the configuration as well as each individual translations for every field will be copied to your cloned configuration.  If you only want to utilize the structure and format of the configuration and do not want to utilize the saved translations, then select “Clone Configuration Only”.  The cloned configuration will be displayed without the “Org ID” and “Name” fields so you can select/enter the new information.  The system will also create a new Config ID for this new configuration.   The Columns section will be populated with the columns from the original configuration.    IMPORT CONFIGURATION DETAIL FIELDS:  • Org ID - Required field.  The Organization associated with the import configuration.  The pull-down list contains all Org IDs of the active organizations associated with the user.  • Config ID - Required field.  The ID is created by the system when the configuration is created and is not updateable.  • Name - Required field.  Entered by you to identify the configuration and differentiate it from your other configurations. This must be unique in your organization.  • Type - Required field.  Pull-down list of the dataset types.  Dataset type examples:  Activity and Results, Monitoring Location (GW), Monitoring Location (SW), Project.  For the selected type, the Columns section will be populated with the relevant list of column names in a default order.  If there are unsaved changes to the configuration, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm that you want to refresh the list of Column Names for a different type.  • Description - Users description for this configuration.  • Delimiter - Required field.  Pull-down list of the allowed WIN Text Delimiter codes.  The selected delimiter will be used to separate the fields in the upload file.  • Generate Translations - Check box.  If this box is checked, the system will populate the left side of the “Translations” screen for each nonstandard value found by the system within the upload file.   To complete translation process, go to the “Translation” screen and fill in the right column with the appropriate WIN Standard Value.    IMPORT CONFIGURATION DETAIL ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clone -   The cloned configuration will be displayed without the “Org ID” and “Name” fields so you can select/enter the new information. The system will also create a new “Config ID” for this new configuration.   You can make changes to other fields as desired to tailor the configuration for your own needs.   • Save - Saves all changes to the configuration.   • Cancel - Cancels any changes made since the last save action.  • Delete - Deletes the entire configuration and associated translations from the system.  This action is irreversible."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Import Config Detail"|"Import Configuration Detail"|"1"|"UC-11"
"37"|"Translations    This screen is used to manage the translations of your organization's values to those of the WIN System Value Lists (SVL). The configuration's translations for a particular column are displayed. Translations may be viewed, edited, created, deleted, or saved.      TRANSLATIONS FIELDS:  • Org ID - The Organization ID associated with the import configuration.  This field is not editable.  • Config ID - The system generated identifier assigned to this configuration.  This field is not editable.   • Configuration Name - The name given to the configuration for identification.  This is not editable.  • Column Name - Displays the column for which translations are being viewed / edited.  When the screen is first displayed, the column selected on the “Import Configuration Detail” screen is displayed.  To select a different “Column Name”, click the pull-down arrow and select from the list of other columns that use standard value lists.    TRANSLATE FROM - TRANSLATE TO FIELDS:    Will display the distinct value translations for the selected column.  Unmatched translations will be displayed first in alphabetical order followed by matched translations in alphabetical order.  You can sort the values list by a particular field by clicking on the pull-down arrow on the data field header at the top of the row (when available).  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Delete All - Clicking on the “Delete All” checkbox will select / unselect all values.  You can also check individual values for deletion.  Once the records are checked you will click on the “Delete” button to remove values from the list.  • Translate From - The values displayed here are from previous uploads using this configuration or from using “Generate Translations” on the “Import Configuration Detail” screen or were entered manually using the “Add” action.  • Translate To - If the value is already mapped in the configuration, the value will be displayed.  If not mapped, this will be blank.  • Select Value for “Translate To” - You can select the appropriate value from the pull-down list to reflect the value to be used.  You can use wild cards (%) and enter a value in the box to filter the search."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Translations"|"Translations"|"1"|"UC-12"
"38"|"TRANSLATE FROM - TRANSLATE TO ACTION BUTTONS:  • Add - You will use this option to add a new translation value to the list.  When you click on “ADD”, a modal window will be displayed to confirm you want to add a new translation.  Click “OK” to add and “Cancel” to not add.  If “OK” is selected, a new line will be added at the top for you to enter the new value to be translated and then map it to the appropriate value using the pull-down list in the last column.  • Save - You will use this option to save the translation mappings you have entered.  After the “Save”, the system will display a message if there are any unmapped translations letting you know how many are unmapped.  • Cancel - You will use this option if you want to quit and not save the translation mappings you have entered.  The system will verify that you do not want to save the changes.  If you answer “OK” to the verification, the changes will be removed from the screen.  If you select the “Cancel” option, the CANCEL request will not happen.  • Purge Unmapped Translations - You can use this option to remove all translations that are not mapped.  If you answer “OK” to the verification message, all translations that are not mapped will be removed from the configuration.  If you select the “Cancel” option, the purge will not be performed.  • Export to Excel - You will use this option to export the translation list to an Excel spreadsheet.  All changes must be saved prior to using this action.  The system will ask you for the location and name of the excel file.  • Clear All Translations - You will use this option to remove all values in the “Translate To” column and the configuration.  If you answer “OK” to the verification message, all values in the “Translate To” column and the configuration will be removed.  If you answer “Cancel”, no translations will be cleared.  • Delete - You will use this option to delete translations.  You will first check individual translations in the “Delete All” column or use the “Delete All” box to select all translations.  If you answer “OK” to the verification message, all checked translations will be deleted from the configuration.  If the “Cancel” option is selected, no delete will be performed and the checkboxes will remain checked.  • Back to Import Configuration Detail - You can click this button to return to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  If there are any unsaved changes on the screen when you select this option, a modal window will be displayed letting you know that there are unsaved translations and ask if you want to save the translations."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Translations"|"Translations"|"2"|"UC-12"
"39"|"FILE STATUS FIELDS:  No updates are allowed on this screen, data is displayed to identify the upload and show that status.  • Import File ID -  This is created by the system to uniquely identify the configuration / data file combination being uploaded.  • Status - Will show the percentage complete for the Uploading and Validating processes.  The status will be updated about every 5 seconds during the upload process.  • Records With Errors - Shows the number of errors encounter to this point of the upload process.  When the upload and validation complete, the “Staged Data Status” hyperlink becomes available for you to go to the Staged Data Status screen to look at the errors.   • Start Time - The date / time you clicked the Submit button for this configuration / file combination (Import File ID).  • End Time - The date / time the upload and / or validation ended."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"26-FEB-2019 13:14:02"|"Upload Data"|"File Upload"|"2"|"UC-13"
"40"|"Upload Data - File Upload    This screen is used to locate and upload your organization's data files to WIN.  This section allows you to locate the desired configuration by selecting the Organization and Type.  All configurations that match the selected Organization and Type will be listed in the Config Name drop-down list, so you can select the appropriate configuration.  Once the configuration is selected, you will select a file on the DEP Server or a file from your computer.    FILE UPLOAD FIELDS:  All required fields will have an “*” displayed next to the field name on the screen.  • Organization ID - Required Field.  A drop-down list containing all the organizations for which you are allowed to upload data to WIN.  You must select the organization that for which you want to upload data.  • Type - Required Field.  A drop-down list of the import file data types.  If you only have a role of MLM, you will be limited to one of the Monitoring Locations types.  You must select the import file type for which you want to upload data.  • Config Name - Required Field.  You must select the configuration appropriate for your import file from the drop- down list.  The drop-down list will only contain the configurations that match the selected organization and file type above.  • Config ID - Once a configuration is selected, the ID will be displayed for verification.  If you click on the ID (hyperlink), you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  • Delimiter - Once a configuration is selected, the Delimiter used for that configuration is displayed to help in selection of the appropriate file.    SELECT ONE FIELDS:  • Files on My computer - Click on the Choose File button to bring up a popup to locate the file to be uploaded on your computer and select it.  Once selected, the file name will be displayed.  • Files on DEP Server - All files for the selected Organization will be displayed for you to select the file to be uploaded.    FILE UPLOAD ACTIONS:  • Ignore Leading Header Row in Upload File - You should select this option if the data file selected has a header row, so it is not uploaded as data.  • Generate Translations Only? - You should select this option if you only want to generate the translation codes and not import the data.  Once you select the Submit and View File Status button, the system will validate all SLV data elements to verify that they are valid.  If they are not valid, the invalid codes will be added to the “Translate From” values for the corresponding column so you can go back and assign a translation via the “Import Configuration Detail” Screen.  The system will not do the upload when this is checked.  • Submit and View File Status - The selected configuration and data file are checked for critical errors.  If there are no critical errors, the upload process is initiated, and file status section will monitor the progress of the upload.  If any critical errors are found, the upload process stops, and you are notified of the error.  You can select a different configuration or data file to resolve the issue, check the Header Row option or click on the Config ID hyperlink to go to the Import Configuration Detail screen to resolve the issue(s).  • Cancel - When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm your decision to cancel the upload process.  If you confirm, the screen will be cleared.  If you cancel, the import continues."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"25-FEB-2019 15:29:26"|"Upload Data"|"File Upload"|"1"|"UC-13"
"41"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"N/A"|"N/A"|"0"|"UC-13a"
"42"|"Dataset List    This screen allows you to see your active organization's datasets which have been previously uploaded or are currently in process of being uploaded.  The dataset's status is displayed, as well as a link to a complete status screen for the dataset in the Import File ID column.  One or more datasets may also be deleted from this screen.  No updates to the data displayed are allowed on this screen.  When the screen is initially displayed, the data grid will show previously uploaded datasets for your active organizations that have not yet expired or been deleted.  The datasets will be displayed by the number of days left before being purged, least number of days first.  If you want to see datasets that have expired or have been deleted, you can click the “History” (H) button to display these datasets.  The fields for both displays are the same.    DATASET LIST FIELDS:  To sort the data display by a particular data field, click on the pull-down arrows on the data field header at the top of the row.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Delete - You can select any datasets you wish to delete from the dataset list, then click the “Delete Datasets” button.  This will remove all the imported data for the file and mark the import file as having been deleted by you.  •  Org ID - The Organization ID associated with the import file.  • Import File ID - ID for the import file/configuration combination and is displayed as a hyperlink to the “Staged Dataset Status” screen where you may view the details of the dataset.  Datasets with a “Validating” or “Uploading” status will need to finish before this link is active.  • Type - Indicates the type of dataset (e.g., Activity and Results, Monitoring Location (GW), Monitoring Location (SW), Project).  • Action - Displays the type of action that initiated the dataset (Upload, Edit, Insert).  New files that have entered the staging environment will be labeled “Upload”.  Individual records which are selected in the migrated environment and returned to staging for edits and data quality verification will be labeled “Edit”.    If a user requested to add a record from the migrated environment, the type will be “Insert”.  • Import File Name - The name associated to the import file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"26-FEB-2019 13:19:37"|"Dataset List"|"Dataset List"|"1"|"UC-14"
"43"|"• Status - The status of the dataset as set during the file upload.  The status categories are:      • “Ready for Migration”:  no errors remain.      • “In Staging with Errors”:  one or more errors remain.      • “Migrated”:  there are no errors and all remaining uploaded records have been successfully migrated.      • “Partially Migrated”:    there are no remaining rows with errors, but not all rows were successfully migrated.      • “Uploading”:  the file is still in the Upload process.      • “Validating”:  the file is currently in the process of running data quality checks which occurs during upload/validation and any time the   ‘Check Errors' button has been selected during error remediation.     • “Cancelled”:  the upload process was cancelled.     • Errors - The number of records with errors in the dataset as reported by WIN data quality standards.  • Days to Purge - After a dataset is successfully uploaded, this is set to 45 days.  Each day this number will decrease and will be displayed as red when the value is 7 day or less.  Once it is 0, the dataset will be marked as “Expired”, all remaining data records removed and will no longer appear in the dataset list.  The row will be available in the History list.  • Imported By - The user ID of user who initiated the upload of the dataset.  • Created Date - The date the dataset upload and initial validation was finished.  • Modified By - The user ID of user who last updated the dataset.    DATASET LIST ACTION BUTTONS:  • Refresh - This will refresh the data set list with current data loads.  If any datasets had been marked for delete, the checks will be removed during the refresh.  Any selected sort order or filtering will be lost and need to be set up again, if needed.   • Delete Datasets - When you select a dataset(s) to be deleted above and then click this option, you will be prompted to confirm that you want the selected dataset(s) deleted.  If you confirm the delete, the remaining staged records associated to dataset will be deleted.  The deleted Dataset record will be moved to History with the import status changed to “Deleted”.  The “Dataset List” will be refreshed with the deleted Dataset no longer listed.  • History - This will display all your active organization's datasets that have been marked as expired or deleted."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"26-FEB-2019 13:21:36"|"Dataset List"|"Dataset List"|"2"|"UC-14"
"44"|"Staged Data Status    This screen allows you to view the status of a dataset in Staging.  You will be able to do the following from this screen:  Delete the Dataset, Export Records with Errors, Reset the Purge Date, Migrate Records to Production, Check Errors.    STATGED DATA STATUS FIELDS:    The following fields are displayed to identify the Dataset: Org ID, Type, Config ID, Config Name, Import File, Import File ID, Action (which action created the data set, “Add”, “Upload”, “Edit”).    STATGED DATA STATUS ACTIONS:  • View Import Configuration - Will take you to the Import Configuration Detail screen.    DATASET SUMMARY GRID FIELDS: No updates are allowed.  • Date Imported - The date the dataset was imported into WIN Staging.  • Original Rows in Dataset - The number of rows in the original upload file.  • Rows remaining with Errors - The number of rows in the dataset which still have at least one error.  • Exported Rows with Errors - Number of records with errors that have been exported (removed) from the data set.   • Rows Migrated - The number of rows in the dataset which have been successfully migrated to WIN Production (rows that had no basic or advanced errors).  • Rows ready to migrate - If Action is “Upload” or “Add”, it is the number of rows without any basic or advanced errors.  If the Action is “Edit”, it is the number of rows without any advanced errors.  • Edited Rows to be Verified - The number of rows in the dataset that have been edited by any authorized user using the Edit Staged Data screen but have not been verified by the Check Adv Error routine to confirm the edited data did not violate an advanced business rule.    DATASET SUMMARY GRID ACTIONS:  • Reset Purge Date Button - The button is only enabled if you are an active WIN Administrator or you have an active role of WIN Coordinator for the organization associated with the staged data set.  If you click the Reset Purge Date button, a window is displayed that asks you to confirm you want to extend the purge date for this dataset.  You can “Confirm” (which will increase the Purge Date by a set number of days) or “Cancel” (which will not change the Purge Date).  • Export Records with Errors Button - Only available when the number in the “Rows remaining with Errors” field is greater than 0 and the Action is “Upload”.   If clicked, the following message will appear, “This action will remove all records with one or more errors from the staged dataset.  Please confirm to continue.”.  You can Confirm they want this done.  If confirmed, you are transferred to the Export Records with Errors interface.  If Cancel is selected, no action is taken.  • Migrate Records Button - Only available when the number in the “Rows ready to migrate” field is greater than 0.  When this button is clicked, you are transferred to Staged Data Status - Migrate Records to Production.  • Check Adv Errors Button - Only available when the number in the “Edited Rows to be Verified” field is greater than 0.  When this button is clicked, if the Action is “Upload” or “Add”, the following message is displayed, “By selecting Confirm, you understand that all records in this staged dataset having passed Basic Validation but not yet migrated to production or exported/deleted will be submitted for validation”.  If you confirm the message, you will be taken to the Upload Data / File Status screen to execute the Advanced check error routine.  If the Action is “Edit”, the following message is displayed, “By selecting Confirm, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or exported/deleted will be submitted for validation”.  If you confirm the message, you will be transferred to the Upload Data / File Status screen to execute the Advanced check error routine. Staged Data Status"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"26-FEB-2019 13:24:20"|"Staged Data Status"|"Staged Data Status"|"1"|"UC-15"
"45"|"• Edit Staged Data Button - Only available if there are records that have passed all Basic Validations without any errors.  When this button is clicked, you will be taken to the Edit Staged Data: Monitoring Locations (GW or SW) or Activities/Results where all records with no Basic Validation Errors will be displayed.  BASIC VALIDATION ERRORS:  This section displays the type and number for basic errors.  If there are no errors for a type, it will not be listed.   There are no edit, sorting or filtering capabilities in this section.   Check Errors Action button - Only available if there is at least one record in the staged data set that still has a Basic Validation error.  When clicked the system will initiate the MDQS Processing Basic and Advanced process.  The following types or errors can be displayed with the action to be taken when clicked on.  • Field Length Errors - If you click on the hyperlinked Field Length Errors title you will be transferred to the Field Length Errors screen.  • Global Format Errors - If you click on the hyperlinked Global Format Errors title you will be transferred to the Global Format Errors screen.  • Translation Errors - If you click on the hyperlinked Translation Errors title you will be transferred to the Translation Errors screen.  • Req Value Missing Errors - If you click on the hyperlinked Req Value Missing Errors title you will be transferred to the Req Value Missing Errors screen.    ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS:  This section displays the type and number for advanced errors.  If there are no errors for a type, it will not be listed.   There are no edit, sorting or filtering capabilities in this section.   • Check Errors Action Button - Only available if there is at least one record in the staged data set that still has an Advanced Validation error.  When clicked the system will initiate the MDQS Processing Basic and Advanced process.  • All - Contains the count of all Advanced Validation errors and when selected will transfer you to the appropriate Advanced Validation Error screen based on staged dataset type without an error type filter applied.      • If the dataset type is “Project”, then clicking on any of the hyperlinks will take you to the Advanced Validation Errors: Projects screen and display the type of error clicked on.      • If the dataset type is “Activities and Results”, then clicking on any of the hyperlinks will take you to the Advanced Validation Errors: Activities and Results screen and display the type of error clicked on.      • If the dataset type is “Monitoring Locations (SW)”, then clicking on any of the hyperlinks will take you to the Advanced Validation Errors: Monitoring Locations (SW) screen and display the type of error clicked on.      • If the dataset type is “Monitoring Locations (GW)”, then clicking on any of the hyperlinks will take you to the Advanced Validation Errors: Monitoring Locations (GW) screen and display the type of error clicked on.    VERIFY MONITORING LOCATIONS:  Only displayed if the staged dataset type is either SW or GW monitoring locations.  It displays the total number of new monitoring locations reported by ground or surface water locations. (NOTE:  It will only be one or the other, depending on staged data type).  The number displayed will be the number of monitoring locations in the dataset that still need to be visually located.  If the hyperlink is clicked, you will be taken to the Verify Monitoring Locations List.  • Delete Dataset - If clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm they want to delete the imported file.  If you confirm the delete, the dataset will be marked as deleted and you will be taken to the Dataset List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"20-JUL-2020 11:49:58"|"Staged Data Status"|"Staged Data Status"|"2"|"UC-15"
"46"|"Validation Errors - Field Length Errors    This screen is used to review “Field Length Errors” received during the Upload / Validate process.  Select the “Field Length Errors” tab to review the values from the dataset that exceed the maximum length allowed by WIN and may correct the current value by supplying a new value.     FIELD LENGTH ERRORS TAB FIELDS:  Records are grouped by the “Column Name” and “Current Value” if that value exceeds the maximum field length for the column.  One correction applies to ALL records with this value.    You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header at the top of the row.      You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.      All fields cannot be updated except the New Value field.    • Count - The number of records found within the associated column name for the value listed in the “Current Value” column throughout the import file.  • Column Name - The WIN Attribute Name.  • Max Length - Maximum length allowed for this column in WIN.  • Current Value - The current value in the staged dataset.  • New Value - You may enter a new value to be applied to all of the records with this value.  The system will not allow you to enter a value with more characters than the maximum length allowed value.    FIELD LENGTH ERRORS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Save - Used to save the New Values entered for one or more of the errors.   • Cancel - Used to remove the values entered in the “New Value” column since the last Save.  • Check Errors - Used to restart the validation of the dataset."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"20-JUL-2020 12:01:41"|"Validation Errors"|"Field Length Errors"|"1"|"UC-16"
"47"|"Validation Errors - Validation Errors    This screen is used to review Basic Validation Errors (“Field Length Errors”, “Global Format Errors”, “Translation Errors” and “Required Value Missing Errors”) received during the Upload / Validation process.  Below this section is a section with a tab for each of these types of errors.  From the Staged Data Status screen, you clicked on the hyperlink for one of these errors and that tab will be in focus.     VALIDATION ERRORS HEADER FIELDS:  • Org ID - The Organization ID associated with the import file.  • Type - Indicates the type of dataset (e.g., Activity and Results, Monitoring Location (GW), Monitoring Location (SW), Project).  • Configuration ID - The system generated identifier assigned to this configuration.  Clicking on the hyperlink will take you to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  • Config Name - The name given to the configuration for identification.  • Import File - The name associated to the import file.  • Import File ID - Identifier assigned to the Configuration / Import File combination."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"26-FEB-2019 13:32:08"|"Validation Errors"|"Validation Errors"|"1"|"UC-16"
"48"|"Validation Errors - Global Format Errors    This screen is used to review “Global Format Errors” received during the Upload / Validate process.  You must select the “Global Format Errors” tab to review the values from the dataset that are not formatted correctly as defined in the import configuration.  You may correct the current format by supplying a new format.  If you want to change data values, you can do that on the “Validation Errors – Fix Format Detail” screen by clicking the hyperlink in the “Count” column.     GLOBAL FORMAT ERRORS TAB FIELDS:  Records are grouped by the Column Name and Current Format error.    You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header at the top of the row.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.   Only the Format Options field can be updated, which will update the New Format field.  • Count -  For the attribute listed in the “Column Name” field, the count is the number of records that did not comply with the format defined in the import configuration as displayed in the “Current Format” field.   You can click on this hyperlink to be taken to the “Validation Errors – Fix Format Detail” screen to change the data instead of the format.  • Column Name - WIN attribute name.  • Current Format - The current format for the “Column Name” as defined in the import configuration.  • New Format - The updated format for the “Column Name”.  • Format Options - Allows you to select the correct format for this column from the pull-down list which will then be stored in the “New Format” column.    GLOBAL FORMAT ERRORS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Save to Dataset and Import Config - Clicking this button will apply the “New Format” to the associated records in this dataset and will update the format in the import configuration file for that “Column Name” during the next import.  • Save to Dataset - This will be used to update the formats for the associated format errors in this dataset only.  • Cancel - Used to remove the values in the “New Format” column since the last save.  • Check Errors - Used to restart the validation of the dataset."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"20-JUL-2020 12:28:04"|"Validation Errors"|"Global Format Errors"|"1"|"UC-17"
"49"|"Validation Errors - Fix Format - Detail    This section of the Validation Errors screen is used to change the values of the data to match the format (when the original format or the new format selected on the Global Format Errors screen do not match).     FIX FORMAT - DETAIL FIELDS:   You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header at the top of the row.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    Only the New Value field can be updated, which will update the New Format field.  • Count - This count is the number of records with the same Column Name, Current Value and Current Format that are in error.    • Column Name - WIN attribute name.  • Current Value   • Current Format - This is the current format for the data element as specified in the import configuration or in the revised Import File configuration translation as modified by you on the Validation Errors – Global Format Errors screen and successfully applied as a result of a “Check Errors” process.  • New Value - You enter the corrected value for the format in this field.  • New Format - Will display the new format that was selected on the Validation Errors – Global Format Errors screen, will be blank if no new format was selected.    FIX FORMAT - DETAIL ACTIONS:   • Back to Global Format Errors -  Used to take you back to the “Validation Errors – Global Format Errors” screen.  • Save - This will be used to update the New Value field in this dataset only.   • Cancel - Used to remove the “New Values” column since the last save.  • Check Errors - Used to restart the validation of the dataset."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"05-MAR-2019 11:00:14"|"Validation Errors Fix Format"|"Fix Format - Detail"|"1"|"UC-17a"
"50"|"Validation Errors - Translation Errors    This section of the Validation Errors screen is used to review “Translation Errors” received during the Upload / Validatation process.  Errors displayed here are where the values from the dataset are not translated property to a DEP Code.  You may correct the current translation by selecting the appropriate translation.      TRANSLATION ERRORS TAB FIELDS:  You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header at the top of the row.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Count - The number of records found within the associated column name and Translate From combination throughout the import file.  • Column Name - The WIN Attribute Name.  • Translate From - Shows you the current value of the data element from the import file.  • Translate To - Displays the selected value to use in the translation.  • Select Value for Translate To - Allows you to select the correct translation for this column / value from the pull-down list.  • Request New Value - Allows you to request new SLV parameters.   TRANSLATION ERRORS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Save to Dataset - This will be used to update the translations in this dataset only.  • Save to Dataset and Import Config - This will be used to update the translations in this dataset and the configuration. This translation will be applied to the data in all subsequent file uploads as the desired value to translate is saved in the configuration file. • Cancel - Used to remove the translations entered since the last save.  • Check Errors - Used to restart the validation of the dataset."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"20-JUL-2020 15:55:10"|"Validation Errors"|"Translation Errors"|"1"|"UC-18"
"51"|"Validation Errors - Required Value Missing Errors    This section of the Validation Errors screen is used to review “Required Value Missing Errors” received during the Upload / Validation process.  Errors displayed here are where the records in the staged dataset that have errors due to missing required values.  You may enter / select values for the required fields missing a value.    SCREEN MODES:  This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  • Filter – Use this mode when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  • Edit – Use this mode when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.    REQUIRED VALUE MISSING ERRORS:   • All records that have a missing required field will be displayed.  • The columns which are displayed will change depending upon the Dataset Type of the configuration.  • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.  • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.    • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode), you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value. • To enter missing values:  1. Change Screen Mode to Edit.  2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.  3. If you only want to update some of the rows, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"21-JUL-2020 10:57:13"|"Validation Errors"|"Req Value Missing Errors"|"1"|"UC-19"
"52"|"REQUIRED VALUE MISSING ERRORS ACTIONS:   • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  •  Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown in all the pages, whether all of the original records or the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If confirmed, this action will replace the current values in the staging database for this dataset with the new values, run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and transfer you to the “Staged Data Status” screen.  If you do not OK, no changes are made.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Validation Errors"|"Req Value Missing Errors"|"2"|"UC-19"
"53"|"Advanced Validation Errors - SW Monitoring Locations    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Surface Water Monitoring Location records in their staged dataset.     ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Configuration ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” .  • Import File ID    SW MONITORING LOCATIONS SECTION:  • If you selected a link for a specific “Advanced Validation Error”, only the list of records and values from the dataset that have that specific business rule violation will be shown.  If you selected “All” in the “Advanced Validation Error” section, all the records and values from the dataset that have a business rule violation will be shown.    • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.    • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.    • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.    • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode),  you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.    • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit.    2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. If you only want to update some of the rows, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.    SW MONITORING LOCATIONS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • Business Rules Violated - Shows the business rule that was violated in the record displayed.  • System Action  • Monitoring Location ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Monitoring Location Name - Required field, Max size 255.  • Primary Type - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Secondary Type - Required field, Dropdown list filtered by the Primary Type.  • Waterbody Name - Dropdown list and Smart Search.  • Decimal Degree Latitude - Max length of 12 with 6 decimal places, value > 23 and < 32.  • Decimal Degree Longitude - Max length of 12 with 6 decimal places, value > 78 and < 89."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"SW Adv Validation"|"Advanced Validation Errors"|"1"|"UC-20"
"54"|"• Latitude Measure Degrees Number - Number, values of 24-31.  • Latitude Measure Minutes Number - Number, values of 00-59.  • Latitude Measure Seconds Number - Number, values of 00.0000-59.9999  • Longitude Measure Degrees Number - Number, values of 79-88.  • Longitude Measure Minutes Number - Number, values of 00-59.  • Longitude Measure Seconds Number - Number, values of 00.0000-59.9999  • Source Map Scale - Non-negative number.  • Land Surface Elevation Value (ft) - Number, 10 digits and 2 decimal places.  • Land Surface Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  • Land Surface Elevation Method - Dropdown list.    ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a code.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown in all the pages, whether all of the original records or the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run and you will remain on the screen.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"SW Adv Validation"|"Advanced Validation Errors"|"2"|"UC-20"
"55"|"Advanced Validation Errors - GW Monitoring Locations    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Ground Water Monitoring Location records in their staged dataset.     ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Configuration ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” .  • Import File ID    GW MONITORING LOCATIONS SECTION:  • If you selected a link for a specific “Advanced Validation Error”, only the list of records and values from the dataset that have that specific business rule violation will be shown.  If you selected “All” in the “Advanced Validation Error” section, all the records and values from the dataset that have a business rule violation will be shown.    • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.    • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.    • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.    • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode),  you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.    • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit.    2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. If you only want to update some of the rows, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.    GW MONITORING LOCATIONS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • Business Rules Violated - Shows the business rule that was violated in the record displayed.  • System Action  • Monitoring Location ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Monitoring Location Name - Required field, max size 255.  • Primary Type - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Secondary Type - Required field, Dropdown list filtered by the Primary Type.  • Waterbody Name - Dropdown list.  • Decimal Degree Latitude - Number, value > 23 and < 32.  • Decimal Degree Longitude - Number, value > 78 and < 89.  • Latitude Measure Degrees Number - Number, values of 24-31.  • Latitude Measure Minutes Number - Number, values of 00-59.  • Latitude Measure Seconds Number - Number, values of 00.0000-59.9999  • Longitude Measure Degrees Number - Number, values of 79-88.  • Longitude Measure Minutes Number - Number, values of 00-59.  • Longitude Measure Seconds Number - Number, values of 00.0000-59.9999  • Source Map Scale - Non-negative number."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"GW Adv Validation"|"Advanced Validation Errors"|"1"|"UC-20a"
"56"|"• Land Surface Elevation Value (ft) - Number, max 10 digits and 2 decimal places.  • Land Surface Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  • Land Surface Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  • Florida Unique ID - Max size 7, first 3 characters are upper case letters, the next four characters are numbers.  • Well Type - Dropdown list.  • Well Total Depth (ft) - Required, Numeric.  • Well Casing Depth (ft) - Required, Numeric.  • Well Screen Open Hole Begin Depth (ft) - Numeric  • Well Screen Open Hole End Depth (ft) - Numeric  • Well Construction Method  - Dropdown list.  • Well Construction Method Explanation - Max size 250.  • Well Finish - Dropdown list.  • Well Casing Diameter (in) - Numeric  • Well Screen Diameter (in) - Numeric  • Primary Elevation Value (ft) - Number(12,2).  • Primary Elevation Reference  - Dropdown list.  • Primary Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  • Primary Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  • Secondary Elevation Value (ft) - Number(12,2).  • Secondary Elevation Reference - Dropdown list.  • Secondary Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  • Secondary Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  • Top of Aquifer - Number.  • Bottom of Aquifer - Number.    ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a code.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown in all the pages, whether all of the original records or the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, which allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, which allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run and you will remain on the screen.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"27-MAR-2019 08:11:36"|"GW Adv Validation"|"Advanced Validation Errors"|"2"|"UC-20a"
"57"|"Advanced Validation Errors - Activity    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Activity records in their staged dataset.     ACTIVITY SECTION:  • If you selected a link for a specific “Advanced Validation Error”, only the list of records and values from the dataset that have that specific business rule violation will be shown.  If you selected “All” in the “Advanced Validation Error” section, all the records and values from the dataset that have a business rule violation will be shown.    • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.    • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.    • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.    • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode),  you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.    • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit. Select the row(s) that you want to edit.   2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. To clear values from a drop-down (SVL) list, select “* Remove Value *” from the list. To clear values from a text box column, enter “Remove Value” in the text box. To clear values from a date/time column, enter '01/01/0000'.   4. When selecting rows to edit, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page, or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.    ACTIVITY FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • Business Rules Violated - Not editable.    • System Action  • Project ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Monitoring Location ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Activity ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Activity Type - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Activity Start Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Activity End Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Activity Time Zone - Dropdown list.  • Media - Not editable.   • Matrix - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Sample Collection Type - Dropdown list.  • Sampling Agency Name - Required field, Dropdown list."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"WEINSTEIN_B"|"13-DEC-2022 14:06:22"|"Stg Activity Results Adv Validation"|"Activity"|"1"|"UC-20b"
"58"|"• Sample Collection Equipment Name - Dropdown list.  • Sample Collection Equipment Type - Not editable.   • Activity Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Activity Depth Unit - Dropdown list.  • Activity Top Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Activity Bottom Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Activity Top Bottom Depth Unit - Dropdown list.  • Relative Depth - Dropdown list.  • Total Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Total Depth Unit - Dropdown list.  • Field Blank Batch ID - Max size 50.  • Equipment Blank Batch ID - Max size 50.  • Trip Blank Batch ID - Max size 50.  • Master Activity ID - Dropdown list.    ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that have been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a standard value.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown on all pages, either updating all of the original records or only the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, which allows you to make additional changes before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, which allows you to make additional changes before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data. • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run and you will remain on the screen.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"27-MAR-2019 09:03:51"|"Stg Activity Results Adv Validation"|"Activity"|"2"|"UC-20b"
"59"|"Advanced Validation Errors - Advanced Vailidation Errors    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Activity and Results records in their staged dataset.     ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Configuration ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail”  screen.  • Import File ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Stg Activity Results Adv Validation"|"Advanced Validation Errors"|"1"|"UC-20b"
"60"|"Advanced Validation Errors - Results    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Results records in their staged dataset.  The Screen Mode, Sorting, Filtering and Action buttons work the same on the Results tab as they did on the Activity tab.    TO ENTER VALUES:  1. Change Screen Mode to Edit.  2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.  3. If you only want to update some of the rows, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by the values individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.    RESULTS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • Business Rules Violated - Not editable.    • System Action  • Native PK - Not editable.   • Activity ID - Required field, Max size 35.   • Monitoring Location ID - Not editable.   • Activity Type - Not editable.   • Activity Start Date Time - Not editable.   • Matrix - Not editable.   • Sample Collection Type - Not editable.   • Depth in Feet - Not editable.   • DEP Analyte Name - Not editable.   • DEP Analyte ID - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Analyte Name - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Result Value - Required field, Dropdown list or entry, Max size 60.  • Result Unit - Dropdown list.  • MDL - Number, up to 8 digits and 5 decimal places.  • PQL - Number, up to 8 digits and 5 decimal places.  • Detection Unit - Dropdown list.  • DEP Result Value Number - Not editable.   • DEP Result Unit - Not editable.   • DEP MDL - Not editable.   • DEP PQL - Not editable.   • FDEP Value Qualifier - Dropdown list.  • Sample Fraction - Dropdown list.  • Prep Method - Dropdown list.  • Preparation Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Preparation Time Zone - Dropdown list.  • Analysis Method - Dropdown list.  • Analysis Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Analysis Time Zone - Dropdown list.  • Lab ID - Dropdown list.  • Lab Accreditation Authority - Dropdown list.  • Result Comments - Max size 4000.  • Receipt Comments - Max size 355.  • Lab Sample ID - Max size 50.  • Method Batch ID - Max size 13.  • Analytical Batch ID - Max size 13.  • Dilution - Number, up to 10 digits.  • Percent Moisture - , Number, up to 10 digits.  • Percent Recovery - Dropdown list or Number, up to 5 digits.  • Relative Percent Difference - Number, up to 5 digits.  • Error - Number, up to 10 digits.  • Target Species - Dropdown list.  • Finfish Size - Number.  • Finfish Size Unit - Dropdown list."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Stg Activity Results Adv Validation"|"Results"|"1"|"UC-20b"
"61"|"Advanced Validation Errors - Projects    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Project records in their staged dataset.     ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Configuration ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” • Import File ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 14:10:29"|"Project Adv Validation"|"Advanced Validation Errors"|"1"|"uc-20c"
"62"|"Advanced Validation Errors - Projects    This screen is used to correct advanced validation errors for Project records in their staged dataset.     ADVANCED VALIDATION ERRORS SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Configuration ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail”  • Import File ID    PROJECTS SECTION:  • If you selected a link for a specific “Advanced Validation Error”, only the list of records and values from the dataset that have that specific business rule violation will be shown.  If you selected “All” in the “Advanced Validation Error” section, all the records and values from the dataset that have a business rule violation will be shown.    • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.    • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.    • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the Text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.    • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode), you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.    • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit. Select the row(s) that you want to edit.   2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. To clear values from a drop-down (SVL) list, select “* Remove Value *” from the list. To clear values from a text box column, enter “Remove Value” in the text box. To clear values from a date/time column, enter '01/01/0000'.   4. When selecting rows to edit, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page, or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.    PROJECTS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Displays a checkbox that allows you to check / uncheck all records displayed on this page (not all in the dataset) or check individual records in the grid.  • Business Rules Violated - Not editable.    • System Action  • Project ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Project Name - Required field, Max size 120.  • Project Type - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Project Start Date - Format MM/DD/YYYY, must be a valid date, can be a future date.  • Project End Date - Format MM/DD/YYYY, must be a valid date, can be a future date.  • Project Description - Max size 1999.  • Customer - Max size 120."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"WEINSTEIN_B"|"13-DEC-2022 14:10:10"|"Project Adv Validation"|"Project%"|"1"|"uc-20c"
"63"|"Advanced Validation Error Action Buttons • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a code.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown on all pages, either updating all of the original records or only the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, which allows you to make additional changes before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, which allows you to make additional changes before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run and you will remain on the screen.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on and the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 14:21:01"|"Project Adv Validation"|"Projects"|"2"|"uc-20c"
"64"|"Verify Monitoring Locations - Locations to Verify    This screen is used to identify the number of monitoring locations that are remaining to be verified and those that have been successfully verified in the records of the import dataset.  The “Locations to Verify” tab lists the monitoring locations and provides a hyperlink for each Monitoring Location to take you to the “Map Mon Locations” tab to do a Visual Verification.     LOCATIONS TO VERIFY TAB:  All Monitoring Locations that are remaining to be verified or that have been successfully verified from the dataset are listed unless the Monitoring Location is an upload replacement of an existing location and the original Latitude/Longitude did not move.    • Monitoring Location ID - Displayed as a hyperlink to display the Monitoring Location on the Map Mon Locations tab to verify.  • Monitoring Location Name  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Visual Verification Date - Displays in MM/DD/YYYY format and contains the date the visual verification of this monitoring location was performed.  This will be blank if the visual verification has not been performed for the monitoring location.  • Verified By - User ID of the user that most recently verified the Monitoring Location.    You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.      The sort and filter functions go against all records, not just the records on the current page.  You may have different records on the page after performing one of these functions.  Any column can be expanded to see more if needed by hovering over the grid line separating the headings and when the symbol (¿¿¿) appears you can right click and drag the line out to make the field bigger.  When doing this, if the horizontal scroll bar was not present, it may appear now.    NOTE:  The Map Mon Locations tab cannot be accessed by clicking on the tab.  It is activated when you click on a Monitoring Location ID hyperlink.    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on of how many pages exist (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records (example - 1 - 100 of 253).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 14:48:06"|"Verify Monitoring Locations"|"Locations to Verify"|"1"|"uc-21"
"65"|"Verify Monitoring Locations - Map Mon Locations    This screen is used to perform visual verification of monitoring locations in the records selected for upload. The monitoring location must be verified before it will be uploaded if it is a new monitoring location or is a replacement for an existing monitoring location that has a different latitude and longitude than the previously verified migrated monitoring location.    VERIFY MONITORING LOCATIONS FIELDS / BUTTONS:  • Org ID - Organization ID of the organization  • Type - Configuration Type (Monitoring Location (SW), Monitoring Location (GW), Activity and Results, Project)  • Configuration ID - Displayed as a hyperlink to take you to the Import Configuration Detail screen  • Config Name - Configuration Name  • Import File - Import File Name • Import File ID  • Back to Staged Data Status button - When clicked, will return you to the Staged Data Status screen displaying the dataset previously displayed.    MAP MON LOCATIONS FIELDS / BUTTONS:  • Mon. Loc. ID  • Mon. Loc. Name  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Lat DD  • Long DD  • Lat DMS  • Long DMS  • DEP Latitude  • DEP Longitude  • Reach Code ID     o Drop down list from which user selects a value if the Primary / Secondary Type combination require one.   • County  • Waterbody Name  • WBID Waterbody Name     o Passed back from the map based on the Lat / Long for use in the Visual Verification.  • Well Type  • Monitoring Location Description     o If you click in the field, a popup window will allow viewing of whole description.    TO MOVE THE POINT ON THE MAP:  Click on the desired location and the system will move the point and recalculate the DEP Latitude and DEP Longitude and update the Reach Code dropdown list with Reach Codes for the new location.    REACH CODE:  Required if the Secondary Type is one of the following:  Canal Drainage, Canal Irrigation, Canal Transport, Lake, River/Stream, Channelized Stream, Riverine Impoundment, Reservoir or Spring Run.  The dropdown list will contain all Reach Codes for the point.  If the correct reach code is not in the dropdown list, select the “Request New Reach Code” option in the list.  A popup window will display your Name, Email and Phone Number for the organization.  When you OK the message the system will generate a 14 digit Reach Code number starting with 99 and generate the next 12 digits from a sequence and add this to the dropdown list for you to select."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:06:03"|"Verify Monitoring Locations"|"Map Mon Locations"|"1"|"uc-21a"
"66"|"EDIT:  If you need to edit any information on the Monitoring Location, you can click on Edit and be taken to the appropriate Edit Staged Data screen based upon the monitoring location type where you can update the information needed.    VERIFY:  Once you have moved the point if needed, edited the monitoring location information if needed and selected a Reach Code if required, you can click on Verify.  A popup window will be displayed with these options:  • Verify and Return to List - Performs the Visual Verification and then returns you to the Locations to Verify tab.  • Verify and Map Next Location - Is only displayed if there are additional monitoring locations that have not been verified on the Locations to Verify tab and after the verification will bring up the next monitoring location to be verified.  • Cancel - Cancels the verification process.    Once one of the Verify options is selected, the system will do the following:  • Compare the WIN Secondary Type and the NHD Reach Code Feature Type and display a warning message if the secondary type and feature type do not match.  • If the Secondary Type is “Oceans” or “Wetlands” checks that the station is on water (not land).  Overlays the station, NHD waterbody and NHD area.  If the station does not intersect with the NHD waterbody and/or NHD area, a warning message saying the location does not appear to be on water is displayed.  • If the monitoring location was moved from its original location during this process an internal indicator will be set so that an email will be sent to the DPAs, DLs and MLMs associated with the Organization when this monitoring location is migrated to production.  • DEP Latitude, DEP Longitude and County will be recalculated if the monitoring location is moved during the verification process.  • Once the process is completed, you will be returned to the Locations to Verify tab or the next monitoring location to verify will be displayed.    RESET:  If you have moved the point and want it to be reset to where it was, you can click on this option and OK the message to have the point and DEP Latitude and Longitude values reset to the original values.    CANCEL/EXIT:  If you decide to not do the verification on this monitoring location, you can click on this option and OK the message to have all changes not saved and be returned to the Locations to Verify tab."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"20-JUL-2020 12:52:57"|"Verify Monitoring Locations"|"Map Mon Locations"|"2"|"UC-21a"
"67"|"Edit Staged Data - SW Monitoring Locations    This screen is used to edit staged data that has passed all Basic and Advanced Business Rules in a selected import file.  This screen will also be used to edit data sent back from the Migrated Data area for editing.   All records from the dataset where the Primary Type is “Surface Water” or “Springs” and the record level status is “Ready to Migrate” will be listed for you to edit the data.     SW MONITORING LOCATIONS SECTION:  • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.  • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.  • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.  • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode), you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.  • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit. Select the row(s) that you want to edit.   2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. To clear values from a drop-down (SVL) list, select “* Remove Value *” from the list. To clear values from a text box column, enter “Remove Value” in the text box. To clear values from a date/time column, enter '01/01/0000'.   4. When selecting rows to edit, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page, or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.   SW MONITORING LOCATIONS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • System Action - Displays the expected system action that will occur when the data is migrated to production via the “Migrate Records” button on the Staged Data screen based on the current data in the grid row.  • Mon Loc ID Required field, max size 35.  • Mon Loc Name - Required field, Max size 255.  • STORET Mon Loc ID - Max size 35.  • Primary Type - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Secondary Type - Required field, Dropdown list filtered by the Primary Type.  • Waterbody Name - Smart Search (with symbol “§” next to header).  • Decimal Degree Latitude - Not Editable.    • Decimal Degree Longitude - Not Editable.  • Latitude DD:MM:SS.SSSS - Not Editable.  • Longitude DD:MM:SS.SSSS - Not Editable.   • Org Method - Not Editable.  • Org Datum - Not Editable.  • Source Map Scale - Not Editable.  • DEP Latitude - Not Editable.  • DEP Longitude - Not Editable.  • DEP Point Moved- Not Editable.  • Visual Verifier Name - Not Editable.  • Visual Verification Date - Not Editable."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"WEINSTEIN_B"|"13-DEC-2022 14:12:25"|"Edit SW Data"|"SW Monitoring Locations"|"1"|"uc-22"
"68"|"• DEP Datum - Not Editable.  • NHD Reach Code - Not Editable.  • Land Surface Elevation Value (ft) - Number, up to 10 digits and 2 decimal places.  • Land Surface Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  • Land Surface Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  • Additional Contact Information - Max size 500.  • Additional Owner Information - Max size 500.  • Calculated Spring Magnitude - Dropdown list.  • Historic Spring Magnitude - Dropdown list.  • Monitoring Location Comment - Max size 1999.  • Monitoring Location Description - Max size 1999.      EDIT STAGED DATA ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a code.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown in all the pages, whether all of the original records or the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run and you will remain on the screen.  • Delete Selected Records - You will select this action if you have selected some of the records to be deleted.  After checking the records to be deleted in the “Select Page” column, you will click this action.  If you confirm (OK) the deletion of the select records, the records System Action will be marked as “Delete” and will be permanently deleted from the staging area when the “Check Adv Errors” button is selected.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Edit SW Data"|"SW Monitoring Locations"|"2"|"UC-22"
"69"|"Edit Staged Data - Edit Staged Data    This screen is used to edit staged data that has passed all Basic and Advanced Business Rules in a selected import file.  This screen will also be used to edit data sent back from the Migrated Data area for editing.  All records from the dataset where the Primary Type is “Surface Water” or “Springs” and the record level status is “Ready to Migrate” will be listed for you to edit the data.     EDIT STAGED DATA SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Config ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  • Import File ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:16:22"|"Edit SW Data"|"Edit Staged Data"|"1"|"uc-22"
"70"|"Edit Staged Data - Edit Staged Data    This screen is used to edit staged data that has passed all Basic and Advanced Business Rules in a selected import file.  This screen will also be used to edit data sent back from the Migrated Data area for editing.   All records from the dataset where the Primary Type is “Ground Water” and the record level status is “Ready to Migrate” will be listed for you to edit the data.     EDIT STAGED DATA SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Config ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  • Import File ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"08-MAR-2019 12:02:35"|"Edit GW Data"|"Edit Staged Data"|"1"|"UC-22a"
"71"|"Edit Staged Data - GW Monitoring Locations    This screen is used to edit staged data that has passed all Basic and Advanced Business Rules in a selected import file.  This screen will also be used to edit data sent back from the Migrated Data area for editing.        GW MONITORING LOCATIONS SECTION:  • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.  • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.  • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.  • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode),  you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.  • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit. Select the row(s) that you want to edit.   2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. To clear values from a drop-down (SVL) list, select “* Remove Value *” from the list. To clear values from a text box column, enter “Remove Value” in the text box. To clear values from a date/time column, enter '01/01/0000'.   4. When selecting rows to edit, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page, or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.   GW MONITORING LOCATIONS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • System Action - Displays the expected system action that will occur when the data is migrated to production via the “Migrate Records” button on the Staged Data screen based on the current data in the grid row.  • Monitoring Location ID - Required field, Max size 35.  • Monitoring Location Name - Required field, Max size 255.  • STORET Monitoring Location ID - Max size 35.  • Primary Type - Required field, Dropdown list.  • Secondary Type - Required field, Dropdown list filtered by the Primary Type.  • Waterbody Name - Smart Search (with symbol “§” next to header).  • Org Latitude DD - Decimal Degree, Not Editable.    • Org Longitude DD - Decimal Degree, Not Editable.  • Org Latitude DMS - DD:MM:SS.SSSS, Not Editable.  • Org Longitude DMS - DD:MM:SS.SSSS, Not Editable.   • Org Method - Not Editable.  • Org Datum - Not Editable.  • Source Map Scale - Not Editable.  • DEP Latitude - Not Editable.  • DEP Longitude - Not Editable.  • DEP Point Moved- Not Editable.  • Visual Verifier Name - Not Editable.  • Visual Verification Date - Not Editable.  • DEP Datum - Not Editable.  • Land Ground Elevation Value (ft) - Number, up to 10 digits and 2 decimal places.  • Land Ground Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  • Land Ground Elevation Datum - Dropdown list  • Additional Contact Information - Max size 500."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"WEINSTEIN_B"|"13-DEC-2022 14:15:03"|"Edit GW Data"|"GW Monitoring Locations"|"1"|"UC-22a"
"72"|"• Additional Owner Information - Max size 500.  • Monitoring Location Comment - Max size 1999.  • Monitoring Location Description - Max size 1999.    EDIT STAGED DATA ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a code.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown in all the pages, whether all of the original records or the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run, and you will remain on the screen.  • Delete Selected Records - You will select this action if you have selected some of the records to be deleted.  After checking the records to be deleted in the “Select Page” column, you will click this action.  If you confirm (OK) the deletion of the select records, the records System Action will be marked as “Delete” and will be permanently deleted from the staging area when the “Check Adv Errors” button is selected.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"11-MAR-2019 12:41:04"|"Edit GW Data"|"GW Monitoring Locations"|"2"|"UC-22a"
"73"|"Edit Staged Data - Wells    This screen functions the same as the GW Monitor Locations tab in sorting, filtering, screen modes and action buttons.    WELL FIELDS:  •  Select this Page - Displays a checkbox that allows you to check / uncheck all records displayed on this page (not all in the dataset) or check individual records in the grid.  •  System Action - Displays the expected system action that will occur when the data is migrated to production via the “Migrate Records” button on the Staged Data screen based on the current data in the grid row.  •  Monitoring Location ID - Not Editable.  •  Florida Unique ID - Max size 7, first 3 characters are upper case letters, the next four characters are numbers.  •  Well Type - Dropdown list.  •  Well Status - Dropdown list.  •  Aquifer Confinement - Dropdown list.  •  Well Total Depth (ft) - Required, Numeric.  •  Well Casing Depth (ft) - Required, Numeric.  •  Well Screen Open Hole Begin Depth (ft) - Numeric.  •  Well Screen Open Hole End Depth (ft) - Numeric.  •  Well Construction Method - Dropdown list.  •  Well Construction Method Explanation - Max size 250.  •  Well Drill Date - Format MM/DD/YYYY, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  •  Well Finish - Dropdown list.  •  Well Casing Material - Dropdown list.  •  Well Casing Diameter (in) - Numeric.  •  Well Screen Material - Dropdown list.  •  Well Screen Diameter (in) - Numeric.  •  Well Lead Weight - Dropdown list.  •  Well Water Level Record Indicator - Dropdown list.  •  Well Log Type - Max size 250.  •  Primary Elevation Value (ft) - Number, 10 digits and 2 decimal places.  •  Primary Elevation Reference - Dropdown list.  •  Primary Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  •  Primary Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  •  Secondary Elevation Value (ft) - Number, 10 digits and 2 decimal places.  •  Secondary Elevation Reference - Dropdown list.  •  Secondary Elevation Method - Dropdown list.  •  Secondary Elevation Datum - Dropdown list.  •  Top of Aquifer - Numeric.  •  Bottom of Aquifer - Numeric."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"11-MAR-2019 15:05:22"|"Edit GW Data"|"Wells"|"1"|"UC-22a"
"74"|"Edit Staged Data - Activities    This screen is used to edit staged data that has passed all Basic and Advanced Business Rules in a selected import file.  This screen will also be used to edit data sent back from the Migrated Data area for editing.   All records from the dataset where the Primary Type is “Activity and Results” and the record level status is “Ready to Migrate” will be listed for you to edit the data.     ACTIVITIES SECTION:  • Screen Modes - This screen operates in two screen modes, Filter and Edit.  Filter mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to filter the data by the values you enter / select.  Edit mode is used when you want to use the Text Boxes to enter / select data to apply to the selected rows.  • You can sort the data displayed by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down (when available) on the data field header above the data rows.  You can sort in Filter or Edit screen mode.  • To filter the rows displayed, you must be in Filter screen mode.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press Run to filter the records.  To clear a filter, click on the X next to the text box and click Run.  To clear all filters, click on Clear All.  • If any field is marked as being a Smart Search field “§” (in either screen mode),  you can start entering the value and any valid value for that field that starts with the characters entered will appear in a list from which you can select a value.  • To enter new values:    1. Change Screen Mode to Edit. Select the row(s) that you want to edit.   2. In the text box for the field(s) select a value from the drop-down (SVL) list when provided or enter a value.    3. To clear values from a drop-down (SVL) list, select “* Remove Value *” from the list. To clear values from a text box column, enter “Remove Value” in the text box. To clear values from a date/time column, enter '01/01/0000'.   4. When selecting rows to edit, you can use the “Select this Page” option to check all rows displayed on this page, or you can check the data rows on this page that should be populated by this value individually and click on “Save Selected”.  If you want to update all rows on all of the pages, do not check any boxes and click on “Save All”.   ACTIVITIES FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Checkboxes to select records to be updated or select all on the page.  • System Action - Displays the expected system action that will occur when the data is migrated to production via the “Migrate Records” button on the Staged Data screen based on the current data in the grid row.  • Project ID - Required, Max size 35.  • Monitoring Location ID - Required, Max size 35.  • Activity ID - Required, Max size 35.  • Activity Type - Required, Dropdown list.  • Activity Start Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Activity End Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Activity Time Zone - Dropdown list.  • Media - Not Editable.  • Matrix - Dropdown list.  • Sample Collection Type - Dropdown list.  • Sampling Agency Name - Required, Dropdown list.  • Sample Collection Equipment Name - Dropdown list.  • Sample Collection Equipment Type - Not Editable.  • Activity Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Activity Depth Unit - Dropdown list.  • Activity Top Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Activity Bottom Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"WEINSTEIN_B"|"13-DEC-2022 14:18:27"|"Edit ActivityResults Data"|"Activities"|"1"|"UC-22b"
"75"|"• Activity Top Bottom Depth Unit - Dropdown list.  • Relative Depth - Dropdown list.  • Total Depth - Number, up to 8 digits and 4 decimal places.  • Total Depth Unit - Dropdown list.  • Activity Representative Indicator - Dropdown list.  • Activity Comments - Max size 4000.  • Sampler Name - Max size 120.  • Field Blank Batch ID - Max size 50.  • Equipment Blank Batch ID - Max size 50.  • Trip Blank Batch ID - Max size 50.  • Master Activity ID - Dropdown list.    EDIT STAGED DATA ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - In Filter Mode clicking on this will remove all filters that have been applied.  In Edit Mode clicking on this will remove all data that has been entered / selected in the text boxes to update rows that have not been saved and uncheck any row checked.  • Run - Only displayed when in Filter screen mode.  When clicked the filters entered will be applied and only rows matching the criteria will be displayed.  • + Sign next to field header - This is displayed on fields that are Standard Value Lists (SVL).  If the value you need is not in the SVL, you can click on this option to be taken to the “SVL Request Detail” screen to enter a request to update or create a code.  • Save All - Only shown when in Edit mode and no check boxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records shown in all the pages, whether all of the original records or the ones which resulted from your applied filtering criteria selection if you clicked on Run.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Save Selected - Only shown when in Edit mode and checkboxes are checked (Select this Page or Individual checkboxes).  When clicked, WIN will update all the records checked on the page.  The error indicator is not cleared after the save, this allows you to make the changes needed over time before running the “Check Errors” to validate the data.  • Cancel - You will be asked to confirm that you do not want to save the values entered since the last Save and want the screen refreshed to remove the values from the screen.  You can OK or Cancel the request.  • Check Adv Errors - A message is displayed “By selecting OK, you understand that all records in this staged dataset not yet migrated to production or removed will be submitted for validation”.  You will be asked to confirm.  If you select OK, this action will run the check error routine against the dataset for errors and you will be transferred to the “Staged Data Status” screen to monitor the progress.  If you do not confirm, the check error routine will not be run, and you will remain on the screen.  • Delete Selected Records - You will select this action if you have selected some of the records to be deleted.  After checking the records to be deleted in the “Select Page” column, you will click this action.  If you confirm (OK) the deletion of the select records, the records System Action will be marked as “Delete” and will be permanently deleted from the staging area when the “Check Adv Errors” button is selected.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  • A count at the bottom-center of the grid displays the page you are on of the total number of pages (e.g. 1 of 11).  • The other count is at the bottom-right corner of the grid displaying the record from and the record to of the total number of records (e.g. 1 – 50 of 523).  • Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First Page (<<), Previous Page (<), Next Page (>) or Last Page (>>)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"12-MAR-2019 09:51:25"|"Edit ActivityResults Data"|"Activities"|"2"|"UC-22b"
"76"|"Edit Staged Data - Edit Staged Data    This screen is used to edit staged data that has passed all Basic and Advanced Business Rules in a selected import file.  This screen will also be used to edit data sent back from the Migrated Data area for editing.   All records from the dataset where the Primary Type is “Activity and Results” and the record level status is “Ready to Migrate” will be listed for you to edit the data.     EDIT STAGED DATA SECTION:  All fields in this section are display only to identify the import configuration dataset.  • Org ID   • Config ID - If you click on the hyperlink you will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen .  • Import File ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Edit ActivityResults Data"|"Edit Staged Data"|"1"|"UC-22b"
"77"|"Edit Staged Data - Results    This screen functions the same as the Activities tab in sorting, filtering, screen modes and action buttons.    RESULTS FIELDS:  • Select this Page - Displays a checkbox that allows you to check / uncheck all records displayed on this page (not all in the dataset) or check individual records in the grid.  • System Action - Displays the expected system action that will occur when the data is migrated to production via the “Migrate Records” button on the Staged Data screen based on the current data in the grid row.  • Org Result ID - Not Editable.  • Activity ID - Required, Max size 35.  • Monitoring Location ID - Not Editable.  • Activity Type - Not Editable.  • Activity Start Date Time - Not Editable.  • Matrix - Not Editable.  • Sample Collection Type - Not Editable.  • Depth (Activity/Top/Bottom) - in Feet, Not Editable.  • DEP Analyte Name - Not Editable.  • ADaPT Analyte ID - Dropdown list.  • Org Analyte Name - Dropdown list.  • Org Result Value - Required, Dropdown list or entry, Max size 60.  • Org Result Unit - Dropdown list.  • Org MDL - Number, up to 8 digits and 5 decimal places.  • Org PQL - Number, up to 8 digits and 5 decimal place.  • Org Detection Unit - Dropdown list.  • Value Qualifier - Multi Select Dropdown list.  • Sample Fraction - Dropdown list.  • Prep Method - Dropdown list.  • Preparation Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Preparation Time Zone - Dropdown list.  • Analytical Method - Dropdown list.  • Analysis Date Time - Format MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS, must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  • Analysis Time Zone - Dropdown list.  • Lab ID - Dropdown list.  • Lab Accreditation Authority - Dropdown list.  • Result Comments - Max size 4000.  • Receipt Comments - Max size 255.  • Lab Sample ID - Max size 50.  • Method Batch ID - Max size 13.  • Analytical Batch ID - Max size 13.  • Dilution - Number, up to 8 digits and 2 decimal place.  • Percent Moisture - Number, up to 3 digits and 3 decimal place.  • Percent Recovery - Dropdown list.  • Relative Percent Difference - Number, up to 3 digits and 3 decimal place.  • Error - Number, up to 3 digits and 2 decimal place.  • Target Species - Dropdown list.  • Finfish Size - Number, up to 4 digits and 2 decimal place.  • Finfish Size Unit - Dropdown list.  • Result Value Type Name - Dropdown list.  • Statistical Base - Dropdown list."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"12-MAR-2019 09:48:01"|"Edit ActivityResults Data"|"Results"|"1"|"UC-22b"
"78"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"N/A"|"N/A"|"0"|"UC-23"
"79"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"N/A"|"N/A"|"0"|"UC-24"
"80"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"N/A"|"N/A"|"0"|"UC-25"
"81"|"Load Report    This screen is used to view, print and export a Load Report for records added, updated or deleted within a selected date range.   You can use the filters to display your desired report.    LOAD REPORT FILTERS:  • Organization ID - You can select the organization from the dropdown list.  If no organization is selected, all organizations you are associated with by role will be included in the report.  The selection is one or all. • From Date and To Date - You can enter a date range using both fields, or enter just a From Date or just a To Date.  A future date cannot be entered for either date and the To Date must be later than or equal to the From Date.  You can use the pop-up calendar to select the dates.  The format to enter/display a date is MM/DD/YYYY.    LOAD REPORT DATA DISPLAYED:    If there has been no data added, edited or deleted for the selected organization(s) for the date range entered, then only the Total Current Records counts will be displayed.  The Added, Updated, and Deleted counts will be displayed as hyperlinks when records exist for those actions.  For each of the categories below, there will be a count for Records Added, records Updated and Records Deleted within the Selected Range.  • Organization ID/Name - Will show the Organization ID and name on one line, and the Data Types for each action below the ID and name.     o Monitoring Location - Count of Ground and Surface Water monitoring locations.  If you click on a hyperlink, you will be transferred to the Monitoring Location List screen.     o Activity - Count of Distinct activity IDs.  If you click on a count for this data type, you will be transferred to the Activity List screen.     o Field/Lab Results - Count of result data associated with Activities with an Activity Type in (“Field”, ‘Sample”, “Sample-Composite”, “Field Replicate”).  If you click on a count for this data type, you will be transferred to the Results List screen to display the listed activity types.     o Field QC Results - Count of result data associated with Activities with an Activity Type in (“Equipment Blank”, “Field Blank”, “Trip Blank”).  If you click on a count for this data type, you will be transferred to the Results List screen to display the listed activity types.     o Lab QC Results - Count of result data associated with Activities with an Activity Type in (“Method Blank”, “Surrogate”, “Laboratory Control Sample”, “Laboratory Control Sample Replicate”, “Matrix Spike”, “Matrix Spike Replicate”, “Lab Replicate”).  If you click on a count for this data type, you will be transferred to the Results List screen to display the listed activity types.  • Total Current Records - Count for each of the Data Types that are in the migrated data environment.   They will not be based on the “From Date” and “To Date” date range and includes monitoring locations with provisional reach codes and records that are locked for editing.  • Records Added within Selected Range - Count for each of the Data Types of the records that were created during the selected date range.  • Records Updated within Selected Range - Count for each of the Data Types of the records that were updated during the selected date range.  • Records Deleted within Selected Range - Count for each of the Data Types of the records that were deleted during the selected date range."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"08-MAR-2019 15:51:24"|"Load Report"|"Load Report"|"1"|"UC-26"
"82"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Export Details"|"N/A"|"0"|"UC-27"
"83"|"DEP Announcement History    This screen lists the Expired Announcements to allow you to view missed announcements or review previously read announcements.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.    DEP ANNOUNCEMENT HISTORY section:  All announcements that have expired will be listed in descending order on “Expired Date”. You can sort the announcements on any field by clicking on the up/down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to enter text and press enter to filter the announcements displayed.  • Announcement Title- High level description of the announcement.  • Announcement - Displays the first three lines of the announcement. You can click within the text field to see the full announcement in a popup screen.  To close the popup, click on the X.  • Posted Date - Date the announcement was posted.  • Expired Date - Date the announcement expired.  • The count in the bottom right corner displays the number of announcements listed.   • Close button - Takes you back to the Welcome screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"06-MAR-2019 13:18:18"|"Announcement History"|"DEP Announcement History"|"1"|"UC-28"
"84"|"Audits - Audit List    The Audit List section of the “Audits (Search and List)” screen displays the audits that met the criteria you entered.    AUDIT LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the audits on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Audit ID - Identifier assigned by the system to an audit.  Displayed as a hyperlink where if you click will take you to the “Audit Detail” screen.  • Audit Type - Indicates the type of audit.  Examples are:  Lab Audit, Field Audit.  • Audit Purpose - Describes the reason the audit was conducted.  Examples are:  IWR Audit, QA Audit, Standards Development Audit.  • Auditee - Indicates the entity that was audited.  If an Audit Type is selected, this field will be filtered by the auditees existing for the type selected.  • Auditor - Indicates the entity that performed the audit.  • Audit Evaluation Start Date - Indicates the date the evaluation began.   • Audit Evaluation End Date - Indicates the date the evaluation ended.   • Audit Status - Indicates the status of the audit.  Examples are:  Active, Pending.  • The count in the bottom left corner displays the number of audits listed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 11:15:44"|"Audit List"|"Audit List"|"1"|"UC-29"
"85"|"Audits - Audit search    The “Audit Search” section of this screen allows you to enter criteria in order to locate audits.    AUDIT SEARCH FIELDS:  You can enter / select data for as many of the fields as needed to limit the results to the audits you are searching for.  The dropdown lists will only contain the code values that are currently used in existing Audit records.  • Audit ID - Identifier assigned by the system to an audit.  If an ID is selected, the rest of the search fields are disabled since this value is unique within the WIN system.  • Audit Type - Indicates the type of audit.  Examples are:  Lab Audit, Field Audit.  • Audit Status - Indicates the status of the audit.  Examples are:  Active, Pending.  • Audit Purpose - Describes the reason the audit was conducted.  Examples are:  IWR Audit, QA Audit, Standards Development Audit.  • Analyte Group - A high level categorization of DEP Analyte Name. Examples are:  Metals, Nutrients.   • Auditee - Indicates the entity that was audited.  If an Audit Type is selected, this field will be filtered by the auditees existing for the type selected.   • Auditor - Indicates the entity that performed the audit.  • Audit Report Issued Date - Indicates the date the audit report was issued.   This filter consists of a “From” date and “To” date where you can enter a date or select the date from a popup calendar.  You can enter just a “From” date to pull all records from that date on or you can select just a “To” date to pull all records up to the date entered or you can enter a date range.  • Audit Evaluation Date - Indicates the date the evaluation occurred. You may either enter the “Audit Evaluation Begin Date” or “Audit Evaluation End Date” into this search criteria.  This filter consists of a “From” date and “To” date where you can enter a date or select the date from a popup calendar.  You can enter just a “From” date to pull all records from that date on or you can select just a “To” date to pull all records up to the date entered or you can enter a date range.    AUDIT SEARCH BUTTONS:  • List Audits - Once you have entered the desired criteria, you can click on this button to execute the search.  If no criteria is entered, all Audit records will be displayed.  If a previous list was created, the list will be overwritten by this new list.  If no records match your criteria, no records will be listed.  • Clear All - You can click on this option to clear all of the criteria entered and any results.  • Add New Audit - If you have a role of WA or AM, this will be enabled and if clicked will take you to the Audit Detail screen to enter a new Audit."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 11:14:36"|"Audit List"|"Audit Search"|"1"|"UC-29"
"86"|"Audits    This screen allows you to search all WIN Audit records.  The screen has two parts, the “Audit Search” and the “Audit List'.    You will initially see only the “Audit Search” section displayed. The “Audit List” section is displayed after you execute a search using the “List Audits” button.  The system will list all of the audit records matching the search criteria you entered.    If you want to clear your search filters and any listed audits, you can do so by selecting the “Clear All” button.    No data will be updated using this screen, but it gives you the capability to select an Audit record and be transferred to the “Audit Detail” screen for more information."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Audit List"|"Audits"|"1"|"UC-29"
"87"|"Audit Detail    This screen allows you to view the details for Audit records.  The screen has two sections, “Audit Detail” and “Audit Queries”.   You have come to this screen for one of the following reasons:  • You selected Audits from the menu to query a specific Audit ID, or to create an Audit List of multiple Audits meeting the filtering criteria entered.  • You selected Add New Audit from the Audit (Search and List screen).  • From the Welcome you clicked on an Audit ID related hyperlink in the “My Reminders” section.     ACCESS ALLOWED BY ROLES:  • WA or AM - If you have one of these roles you can use this screen to view, create, update and delete / inactivate Audit records.  • All other roles allow view only access.    AUDIT DETAIL FIELDS:  • Audit ID - ID of the audit record created by the system when the audit is created, no update is allowed.  • Audit Report Issued Date - This is a required field that shows the most recent date an audit report was issued for this audit.  Format is MM/DD/YYYY, it must be a valid date and cannot be a future date.  The date can be entered or selected from the popup calendar.  • Audit Type - This is a required field where you can select a value from a dropdown list.  • Audit Purpose - This is a required field where you can select a value from a dropdown list.  • Audit Status - This defaults to “Pending” when the audit is created and is updated to “Active” after nightly processing links censored decisions.  It will be changed to Inactive if the audit in inactivated.  No update by you is allowed on this field.  • Audit Status Date - Whenever the system changes the Status, this gets updated to the date of the status change by the system.  • Auditee - This is a required field where you can select a value from a dropdown list.  The list will contain Lab Names if the Audit Type is LAB and will contain Sampling Agency Names if the type is FIELD.  • Auditor - This is a required editable text field where you can enter the name of the organization who performed the audit.  • Audit Evaluation Start Date - This is a required field that shows the earliest analysis or sampling date evaluated by the Auditor.  Format is MM/DD/YYYY, it must be a valid date, must be less than the Audit Evaluation End Date and cannot be a future date.  The date can be entered or selected from the popup calendar.  • Audit Evaluation End Date - This is a required field that shows the latest analysis or sampling date evaluated by the Auditor.  Format is MM/DD/YYYY, it must be a valid date, must be greater than the Audit Evaluation Start Date and cannot be a future date.  The date can be entered or selected from the popup calendar.  • Audit Report - This is a required editable text field to describe the location of the Audit Report for this report.  • Audit Description - This is a required editable text field to describe information related to this Audit.  • Audit Comment - This is an optional editable text field to add additional comments related to this Audit.  • Audit Inactivation Comment - This field displays the comment recorded at the time the audit is made inactive.  No update is allowed.  • Analyte Groups - At least one Analyte Group is required.  When adding or updating, you can select an Analyte Group from the dropdown list and click on the Add option to move it to the selected list.  To remove one from the selected list, select the one to remove and then click on the Remove option."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 11:27:12"|"Audit Detail"|"Audit Detail"|"1"|"UC-29a"
"88"|"AUDIT DETAIL BUTTONS:  (Buttons are only displayed if you have a role of WA or AM)  • Edit - Is displayed if you selected an existing audit.  If you click this, the updateable fields will be changed to update mode and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Add New - Is displayed if you selected an existing audit.  If you click this, the screen is changed to insert mode where you can enter the information to create a new audit.  The Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - After updating fields of an existing audit or entering the information for a new audit, you will click this to have the data entered validated and saved if the validation does not find any errors.  If any errors in the data are found, a message will be displayed for you to fix the data.  To not save, select the Cancel option.  • Cancel - If you are updating an existing audit and have made changes but decide to not save the changes, you can click this and the data will be refreshed to the original values.  If you were entering a new audit and decide to not save it, you can click this and be returned to the screen you came from.  To not cancel, select the Cancel option.  • Delete - If the audit is in Pending status, the Delete button will be enabled.  If you want to delete the audit from the system, you can click this button and after confirming you wish to delete the audit, the system will delete the Audit and all related Audit Queries and Censored Decisions linked to the Results and will take you to the Audit Search and List screen.  To not delete, select the Cancel option.  • Inactivate - If the audit is in Active status, the Inactivate button will be enabled.  If you want to inactivate the audit, you can click this button.  A popup screen will ask you to confirm you wish to inactivate the audit and all censored decisions related to the audit by entering the Inactivation Explanation and clicking on OK.  The system will update the status of the Audit and all Queries and Censored Decisions linked to the audit to Inactive and update the Status and Inactive dates to the current date.  The screen will revert to view mode with the updates displayed.  To not inactivate, select the Cancel option.    • Back to Audit List - If clicked will take you to the Audit Search and List screen.  Only enabled if you came from the Audit Search and List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Audit Detail"|"Audit Detail"|"2"|"UC-29a"
"89"|"Audit Query - Audit Query Detail    This Audit Query Detail screen allows you to create and view the details for an Audit Query that uses filters to define a subset of result data for an audit to which the censored decisions will apply.  The screen consists of three sections, the Audit Query Detail which contains information about the Audit record the query is linked to.  Two tabs, the Define Censored Subset which for creation and maintenance of the Audit Queries and the Define Censored Subset which displays the data selected by the query.  You have come to this screen for one of the following reasons:  • You selected Add New in the Audit Queries section of the Audit Detail screen to create a new query for the audit.  • You selected an Audit Query by clicking on the Audit Query ID hyperlink in the Audit Queries section of the Audit Detail screen to create a new query for the audit.    AUDIT QUERY DETAIL FIELDS:  This section is read only and displays information about the Audit record.  • Audit ID - Identifier assigned by the system to an audit  • Audit Report Issued Date  • Audit Type - Indicates the type of audit.  Samples are:  Lab Audit, Field Audit.  • Audit Purpose - Describes the reason the audit was conducted.  Samples are:  IWR Audit, QA Audit, Standards Development Audit.  • Audit Status - Indicates the status of the audit.  Samples are:  Active, Pending.  • Audit Status Date - Indicates the date the Status last changed.  • Auditee - Indicates the entity that was audited.  If an Audit Type is selected, this field will be filtered by the auditees existing for the type selected.  • Auditor - Indicates the entity that performed the audit."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Audit Query"|"Audit Query Detail"|"1"|"UC-29b"
"90"|"Audit Query - Define Censored Subset    The Define Censored Subset tab allows you to create and update queries if you have a role of WA or AM.  Other roles are only allowed view access to the queries.    DEFINE CENSORED SUBSET FIELDS:  • Query ID - System generated field when a new query is created and is not updateable.  • Description - You can enter up to 500 characters to describe the query.  Once the query is in Active status, this field is the only field that can be updated.  • Query Status - The system sets the status to Pending when the query is created.  Once the Query is saved, the nightly process will change the status to Active and will continue running the query until the Status is changed to Inactive by a WA or AM or the time to run expires.  • Query Status Date - The system will update this date every time the Status is changed.  • Query Inactivation Explanation - If you select the Inactivate button, you will enter an explanation for inactivating the query and the system stores it in this field.  • Sampling Agency Name - If the Audit Type is FIELD, you can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Lab Name - If the Audit Type is LAB, you can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Activity Type - You can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Media - You can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • DEP Analyte Group - You can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • DEP Analyte Name - When adding or updating, you can select an Analyte Name from the left dropdown list and click on the Add option to move it to the selected list on the right.  To remove one from the selected list, select the one to remove and then click on the Remove option.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Analysis Method - You can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Preparation Method - You can select a value from the dropdown list.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Activity Start Date -Dates can be entered in the format of MM/DD/YYYY or can be selected from the calendar popup.  The date entered must be a valid date.  The From date if entered must be earlier or equal to the To date.  The To date if entered must be after or equal to the From date.  You can enter both the From and To dates, or just the From date or just the To date.  If a From date is entered and no To date is entered, the selection will be where the Activity Start Date is on or after the date entered.  If a To date is entered and no From date, the selection will be where the Activity Start Date is on or before the date entered.  If both dates are entered, the selection will be where the Activity Start Date is within the date range entered.  • Analysis Date - Works the same as the Activity Start Date.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending.  • Censored Decisions - At least one is required.  When adding or updating, you can select a Censored Decisions from the left dropdown list and click on the Add option to move it to the selected list on the right.  To remove one from the selected list, select the one to remove and then click on the Remove option.  This field can be updated as long as the status is Pending. _______________________________________________________________________"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ZIMMERMAN_JM"|"27-AUG-2021 11:37:34"|"Audit Query"|"Define Censored Subset"|"1"|"UC-29b"
"91"|"DEFINE CENSORED SUBSET BUTTONS:  (These buttons will only be enabled if you have a role of WA or AM)  • Run Query - Only enabled if the status is Pending.  If you click on this, the system will run the query based upon the filter selections in the Define Censored Subset section and takes you to the Censored Results tab to see the results of the query.  • Save Query - Enabled when adding a new query, when updating a query in Pending status and when updating the Description field for a status of Active.  If only the Description is changed, only the description is updated.  If the status is Pending, the system will ask you to confirm you want to save the changes and if you OK, the system will save the query, run the query and take you to the Censored Results tab with the results displayed.  The query is added to the night process to run until the expiration set by DEAR.  The night run will set the status to Active and the Stats Date to the current date links the results to the query.  • Clear Query - Only enabled if the query is in Pending status and changes have been made.  If you click on this button, the system will ask you to confirm you want to remove all changes you have made to the screen.  If you OK the message, the system will refresh the screen from database if saved before or to a blank screen if adding a new query.  The system will also clear the Censored Results tab.   • Delete - Is enabled if the query is in Pending status and has been saved.  If you click on this button, the system will ask you to confirm you want to delete the query.  If you OK the message, the system will delete the query and the Censored Results from the database and remove the query from the night batch job and transfer you to the Audit Detail screen.  • Inactivate - Is enabled if the query is in Active status.  If you click this button, the system will display a modal window asking you to enter the explanation for the inactivation of this query.  Once you enter the explanation and click OK, the system will update the Status to Inactive and the Status Date to the current date and stores the Inactivation Explanation in the database and displays it in the field on the screen.  The Add New button is enabled and the Edit, Run Query and Clear Query buttons are disabled.  All Censored Decisions are set to Inactive.  • Back to Audit Detail - Will take you back to the Audit Detail screen if clicked.  If you have any unsaved messages, the system will ask you to save or clear the changes before leaving the screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ZIMMERMAN_JM"|"27-AUG-2021 11:15:59"|"Audit Query"|"Define Censored Subset"|"2"|"UC-29b"
"92"|"Audit Query - Censored Results    This screen allows you to view the results to which the censored decisions apply for an Audit Query.    CENSORED RESULTS FIELDS:  No updates are allowed on this screen.  You can sort the results on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    Audit Fields:  • Audit ID  • Audit Report Issued Date   • Audit Type  • Audit Purpose  • Audit Status  • Audit Status Date  • Auditee  • Auditor    Audit Query Detail Fields:  • Query ID  • Description  • Query Status  • Query Status Date  • Query Inactivation Explanation    Censored Results Fields:  • Org ID  • Mon Loc ID  • Activity ID  • Activity Start Date  • Activity Type  • DEP Analyte Name  • DEP Result Value  • DEP Result Unit  • DEP Value Qualifier  • Media  • DEP Analyte Group  • Analysis Method  • Preparation Method  • Lab Name  • Sampling Agency  • Count of the number of results associated with the query.  • Back to Audit Detail button -  If clicked will take you back to the Audit Detail screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Audit Query"|"Censored Results"|"1"|"UC-29c"
"93"|"Anomalies    This screen allows you to search all WIN Anomaly records.  Based upon your WIN role, you may be restricted to viewing only those anomalies within your associated organization(s). The screen has two parts, the “Anomaly Search” and the “Anomaly List'.   If you navigated to this screen from the Anomaly Tickler area of the Welcome (see UC-01) screen, you will have the list of anomalies presented in the Anomaly List section automatically without entering search criteria.    If you navigated to this screen via the menu you will initially see only the “Anomaly Search” section displayed. The “Anomaly List” section is displayed after you execute a search query.  The system will list all the anomaly records matching the search criteria you entered.   If you want to clear your search filters and any listed anomalies, you can do so by selecting the “Clear All” button.    No data are updated using the “Anomalies (Search and List)” screen, but the screen gives you the capability to select an Anomaly and be transferred to the Anomaly Detail screen.    ACCESS ALLOWED BY ROLES:  WA, WC or PSU - Anomalies you created with a value in the Response Flag is one of the following: “Insufficient Information to Resolve”, “Resolved – changes implemented”, “Reviewed – no changes needed” and the Resolution Flag is null.  DPA, DL or MLM - Anomalies you created with a value in the Response Flag is one of the following:  “Waiting for Data Provider” and “Under Review by Data Provider” and the Resolution Flag is null.  If you have a role in both categories, the list will contain all types of Anomalies."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"07-JUN-2019 13:12:56"|"Anomalies"|"Anomalies"|"1"|"UC-30"
"94"|"Anomalies - Anomaly List    The Anomaly List section of the “Anomalies (Search and List)” screen displays the anomalies that met the criteria you entered or from the Anomaly Tickler you selected.    ANOMALY LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the anomalies on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Anomaly ID - Displayed as a hyperlink where if you click will take you to the Anomaly Detail screen.  • Org ID   • Anomaly Flag  • Entity Table  • Response Flag   • Resolution Flag  • Created By   • Created Date   • Count of the total number of anomalies listed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Anomalies"|"Anomaly List"|"1"|"UC-30"
"95"|"Anomalies - Anomaly Search    The Anomaly Search section of the “Anomalies (Search and List)” screen allows you to enter criteria to locate anomalies.    ANOMALY SEARCH FIELDS:  You can enter / select data for as many of the fields as needed to limit the results to the anomalies you are searching for.  • Anomaly ID - Smart search field that allows you to enter a few characters and the system will create a list of Anomalies that are allowed by your role and contain the criteria entered.  If an ID is selected the rest of the search fields are disabled.  • Organization ID - You can select an Organization ID (Organizations you are associated with) to limit the Anomalies selected.  • Anomaly Flag -You can select an Anomaly Flag to limit the Anomalies selected.  • Entity Table - You can select an Entity Table (tables the anomalies can be associated with) to limit the Anomalies selected.  • Response Flag - You can select a Response Flag to limit the Anomalies selected.  • Resolution Flag - You can select a Resolution Flag to limit the Anomalies selected.  • Created By - You can select a Created By to limit the Anomalies selected.  • Created Date Range - Consists of a From date and To date where you can enter a date or select the date from a popup calendar.  You can enter just a From date to pull all anomalies created on that date or you can select just a To date to pull all anomalies up to the date entered or you can enter a date range where the From date is less than or equal to the To date.    ANOMALY SEARCH BUTTONS:  • List Anomalies - Once you have entered your criteria you can click on this button to search for anomalies meeting the criteria entered.  If no criteria are entered, all anomalies for organizations you are associated with will be listed in the Anomaly List section.  If a previous list was created, the list will be overwritten by this new list.  If no records match your criteria, no records will be listed.  • Clear All - You can click on this option to clear all the criteria entered and any results so that you can enter different criteria."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"07-JUN-2019 13:41:01"|"Anomalies"|"Anomaly Search"|"1"|"UC-30"
"96"|"Anomaly Detail    This screen allows you to view, update and delete Anomaly records, based on your permissions.  You have come to this screen for one of the following reasons:  • You selected Add Anomaly from one of the following screens to create an anomaly for the selected entity.      • Monitoring Location / Well Detail      • Activity Detail      • Result Detail  • From the Anomalies (Search and List) screen you searched for anomalies and clicked on an Anomaly ID.  • You clicked on the Anomaly Tickler icon on the Welcome screen and were taken to the Anomalies (Search and List) screen where you clicked on a hyperlink of one of the anomalies needing your attention.    ACCESS ALLOWED BY ROLES:  •  CM or AM - Display only  •  WA - You can Delete any anomaly record.  You can update the response and resolution details on any anomaly and update the anomaly flag and findings for anomalies you created as long as there is no response recorded.  You can create a new anomaly.  •  WC - You can update the response details for organizations you are associated and resolution details on anomalies you created and update the anomaly flag and findings for anomalies you created as long as there is no response recorded.  You can create a new anomaly.  DPA or DL - You can update the response details on anomalies for organizations you are associated.  MLM - You can update the response details on monitoring location anomalies for organizations you are associated.  PSU - You can view any anomaly but can only update the anomaly flag and findings for anomalies for organizations you are associated as long as there is no response recorded.  You can delete any anomaly you created that does not have a Response recorded.  You can create a new anomaly.    ANOMALY DETAIL FIELDS:  • Anomaly ID - Cannot update.  Created by the system when a new anomaly is being created.  • Org ID - Cannot update.  Set to the organization of the entity the anomaly is being created for.  • Entity Table - Cannot update.  Set to the table of the entity the anomaly is being created for.  • Record ID - Cannot update.  Set to the record key of the entity the anomaly is being created for.  Displayed as a hyperlink to take you to the detail record for the record the anomaly is associated with.  • Anomaly Flag - Required field.  You can select a value from the dropdown list.  • Findings - Required field.  When creating a new anomaly, enter text to provide additional information concerning the Anomaly Flag selected or the anomaly in general.  You can enter up to 500 characters.  You can update this field if you created the anomaly and a Response has not been entered yet.  Once a response is entered this field can no longer be updated.  • Created By - Cannot update.  Set to the userid of the user who created the anomaly.  • Created Date - Cannot update.  Set to the date when the anomaly was created.  • Response Flag - Set to “Waiting for Data Provider” when the anomaly is first created.  Can be updated after creation and change to another value if you have an authorized role for the anomaly.  • Response - If you update the Response Flag to “Insufficient Information to Resolve”, “Resolved – changes implemented” or “Reviewed – no changes needed” you must also enter detailed information about the flag you selected.  • Responded By - If you update the Response Flag or Response text, the system will put your userid in this field.  The field contains the userid of the user who last updated one of these fields.  • Response Date - If you update the Response Flag or Response text, the system will store the current date in this field."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Anomaly Detail"|"Anomaly Detail"|"1"|"UC-30a"
"97"|"• Resolution Flag - If you created the Anomaly or have a role of WA you can select the Resolution Flag from the dropdown list.  • Resolution -  If you created the Anomaly or have a role of WA and you select the Resolution Flag, you can enter more detailed information.  • Resolved By - If you update the Resolution Flag or Resolution text, the system will put your userid in this field.  The field contains the userid of the user who last updated one of these fields.  • Updated Date - If you update the Resolution Flag or Resolution text, the system will store the current date in this field.    ANOMALY DETAIL BUTTONS / LINKS:  • Edit - If you have a role allowing update of the Anomaly, clicking this button will change the screen from view only to update mode where you can update the anomaly.  If you do not have role access to the displayed anomaly or are creating a new Anomaly, this will not be visible.  Once you click on this button, it will be hidden and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - If you come to this screen adding a new Anomaly or have clicked on the Edit button, this button will be displayed.  After entering the information needed for the Anomaly and clicking on the Save button, the system will verify the information entered and save the data to the database.  After the anomaly is saved, the Edit and Delete (if allowed by role) buttons are displayed and the Save and Cancel buttons are hidden.  • Cancel - If you come to this screen adding a new Anomaly or have clicked on the Edit button, this button will be displayed.  If you click on this button, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to cancel all information you have entered.  If adding a new anomaly and you OK the message, the Anomaly will not be saved and you will be returned to the screen from where you started the Add Anomaly.  If you are updating an Anomaly and you OK the message, the screen will be refreshed from the database and all changes you have entered will be removed.  If you Cancel the message, you will remain on the screen with all of your changes still on the screen.  • Delete - If you come to this screen adding a new Anomaly, this button will be hidden.  If you come to this screen to view an existing Anomaly and have the necessary role to Delete, the button will be enabled.  If you click on the Delete button, the system will display a message asking you to confirm you wish to delete the Anomaly.  If you OK the message, the Anomaly will be deleted from the system and you will be returned to the screen that you came from.  If you Cancel the message, the Anomaly will not be deleted and you will remain on the screen.  • Back to Anomaly List - This button is only displayed if you came from the Anomaly (Search and List) screen.  If clicked, it will return you to the Anomaly List you came from.  • Record ID hyperlink - If you click on the hyperlink in the Record ID field, you will be taken to the detail screen for the record the Anomaly is associated."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Anomaly Detail"|"Anomaly Detail"|"2"|"UC-30a"
"98"|"Standard Value List (SVL) - SVL Request List    The SVL Request List section of the “SVL Requests (Search and List)” screen displays the SVL Requests that met the criteria you entered.    SVL REQUEST LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the requests on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • SVL Request ID - Displayed as a hyperlink where if you click will take you to the SVL Request Detail screen.  • Code Table (SVL) - Displayed as a hyperlink where if you click will take you to the Code Table screen.   • Requested/Existing Value  • New Value (SVL)  • Action Requested   • Decision  • Decision Date   • Requested By   • Requested Date   • Count of the total number of SVL Requests listed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"SVL Req Search"|"Standard Value List (SVL)"|"1"|"UC-31"
"99"|"Standard Value List (SVL) - SVL Request Search    The SVL Request Search section of the “SVL Requests (Search and List)” screen allows you to enter criteria in order to locate Standard Value List (aka Code Table value) Requests.    SVL REQUEST SEARCH FIELDS:  You can enter / select data for as many of the fields as needed to limit the results to the requests fo which you are searching.  • SVL Request ID - Smart search field that allows you to enter a few characters and the system will create a list of requests that contain the criteria entered from which you can select one.  If an ID is selected the rest of the search fields are disabled.  • Code Table (SVL) - Dropdown list of Code Tables that have at least one request from which you can select one.  • Requested/Existing Value - Smart search field that allows you to enter a few characters and the system will create a list of values that contain the criteria entered from which you can select one.  • Action Requested - Dropdown list of Actions used in requests from which you can select one.  • Requested By - Dropdown list of Requested by values in requests from which you can select one.  • Requested Date - Consists of a From date and To date where you can enter a date or select the date from a popup calendar.  You can enter just a From date to pull all requests requested on that date on or you can select just a To date to pull all requests requested up to the date entered or you can enter a date range where the From date is less than or equal to the To date.  • Decision - Dropdown list of decision values in requests from which you can select one.  • Decision Date - Consists of a From date and To date where you can enter a date or select the date from a popup calendar.  You can enter just a From date to pull all Requests where the Decision Date is on that date or later or you can select just a To date to pull all Requests where the Decision Date is up to the date entered or you can enter a date range where the From date is less than or equal to the To date.    SVL REQUEST SEARCH BUTTONS:  • List SVL Requests - Once you have entered the criteria you want, you can click on this button to execute the search for SVL Requests meeting the criteria entered if any entered.  If no criteria is entered, all SVL Requests will be listed in the SVL Request List section.  If a previous list was created, the list will be overwritten by this new list.  If no records match your criteria, no records will be listed.  • Clear All - You can click on this option to clear all of the criteria entered and any results so that you can enter different criteria."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"SVL Req Search"|"SVL Request Search"|"1"|"UC-31"
"100"|"Standard Value List (SVL)      This screen allows you to search all WIN Standard Value List (SVL) Requests.  The screen has two parts, the “SVL Request Search” and the “SVL Request List'.       The “SVL Request Search” section allows you to enter search criteria to help find the SVL Request(s) you are looking for.   You will select or enter values in the appropriate fields and then click on the “List SVL Requests” button.  The system will list all of the SVL Request records matching the search criteria you entered in the “SVL Request List” section.   No data can be updated using the “SVL Requests (Search and List)” screen, but it gives you the capability to select an SVL Request and be transferred to the SVL Request Detail screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"SVL Req Search"|"SVL Request List"|"1"|"UC-31"
"101"|"SVL Request Detail    This screen allows you to view and update SVL Request records.    You have come to this screen for one of the following reasons:  • You have a role of WA, CM, WC, DPA, DL, MLM, PSU or AM and clicked on the + on an SVL field on a WIN screen in the Staging Data area to add  a new code request for a Code Table because you could not find the desired/expected code.   The screen has most of the fields defaulted and allows you to complete the remaining required fields to create a new SVL Request.   • You have a role of WA or CM and click on a Request ID hyperlink in the My Reminders section of the Welcome screen to review and enter a Decision.  • You have a role of WC, DPA, DL, MLM, PSU or AM and click on a Request ID hyperlink in the My Reminders section of the Welcome screen to review the detail information related to a request you initiated.  • You used the menu to go to the SVL Request (Search and List) screen and clicked on a SVL Request ID from the SVL Request List.  • You have a role of WA, CM, WC, DPA, DL, MLM, PSU or AM and request to add a new standard value using the WIN Warehouse screens.    ACCESS ALLOWED BY ROLES:  • WA or CM - Screen will open in Update mode when you come to this screen to render a decision on a SVL Request.  • WA, CM, WC, DPA, DL, MLM, PSU or AM - If you are coming here to initiate a new SVL Request, the screen opens in Insert mode to allow the entry of the remaining required fields.  If coming to the screen by clicking on a request hyperlink, the screen will be view only.    SVL REQUEST DETAIL FIELDS:  • SVL Request ID - Cannot update.  Created by the system when a new request is being created.  • Code Table (SVL) - Cannot update.  Set to the Code Table requesting the new value for when being created.  • Entity Table - Cannot update.  Set to the table of the entity the anomaly is being created for.  • Requested/Existing Value - Entered when the request is being created.  Will contain the new value if requesting to add a new code or an existing value if requesting to update or delete a value.  After initial entry of the request this field cannot be updated.  • Action Request - Selected from the dropdown list when the request is being created.  Will contain the Action being requested for the code table value (Add, Update or Delete).  After initial entry of the request this field cannot be updated.  • Request Explanation - Entered when the request is being created.  Will contain the detailed information about the SVL request.  After initial entry of the request this field cannot be updated.  • Requestor Phone - When the request is being created the system stores the requestors phone number in this field and it cannot be updated.  • Requestor Email - When the request is being created the system stores the requestors email address in this field and it cannot be updated.  • Requested By - When the request is being created the system stores the requestors userid in this field and it cannot be updated.  • Created Date - Cannot update.  Set to the date when the request was created.  • Decision - Set to “Pending” when the request is first created.  If you have a role of WA of CM and are reviewing the request, you enter your Decision by selecting Approved or Declined from the dropdown list.  • New Value - If you update the Decision to “Approved”, you must also enter the new approved value.  • Decision Explanation - If you update the Decision to “Declined”, you must also enter an explanation of why you declined the request.  You can also enter an explanation for an approved request if needed.  •Decision By - If you update the Decision, the system will put your userid in this field.   • Decision Date - If you update the Decision, the system will store the current date in this field."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"DESIDI_R"|"01-JUL-2021 19:15:27"|"SVL Req Detail"|"SVL Request Detail"|"1"|"UC-31a"
"102"|"SVL REQUEST DETAIL BUTTONS / LINKS:  • Edit - If you have a role WA or CM and are associated with the Code Table in the request, this button will be enable to allow for you to enter your decision on the request.  Clicking this button will change the screen from view only to update mode where you can update the request.  Once you click on this button, it will be hidden and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  Note:  If you come from the My Reminders as a WA or CM, the screen will be in update mode and once you modify a field the Edit will be disabled and the Save and Cancel enabled.  • Save - If you have come to this screen to add a new SVL Request or to enter a decision and have clicked on Edit, this button will be displayed. After entering the information needed for the SVL Request and clicking on the Save button, the system will verify the information entered and save the data to the database.  After the request is saved, the Edit button is displayed and the Save and Cancel buttons are hidden.  • Cancel - If you come to this screen adding a new SVL Request or have come to this screen to enter a decision and have clicked on Edit, this button will be displayed.  If you click on this button, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to cancel all information you have entered.  If adding a new request and you OK the message, the request will not be saved and you will be returned to the screen from where you started the new request.  If you are updating a request and you OK the message, the screen will be refreshed from the database and all changes you have entered will be removed and if you came from the My Reminder, you will be transferred back to the Welcome screen.  If you Cancel the message, you will remain on the screen with all of your changes still on the screen.  • Back to SVL Request List - This button is only displayed if you came from the SVL Request (Search and List) screen.  If clicked, it will return you to the SVL Request List.  • Code Table (SVL) hyperlink - If you click on the hyperlink in the Code Table (SVL) field, you will be taken to the code table list screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"DESIDI_R"|"01-JUL-2021 19:15:27"|"SVL Req Detail"|"SVL Request Detail"|"2"|"UC-31a"
"103"|"Code Tables - Code Table List    This screen is used by WIN users to view and maintain the code table values within the WIN system.  This section of the screen displays a list of all code tables in the WIN System.      CODE TABLE LIST SECTION:  Displays all code tables in the WIN System.      You can sort the list on any field to alternate between ascending and descending order.  Do this by clicking on the arrows next to the field header at the top of the column.   You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • My Assigned Tables button - Only displayed if you have a role of CM (Code Manager) - When clicked, only the Code Tables assigned to you will be listed.  The name on the button will change to “All Code Tables” to allow you to click to see all code tables again if needed.  • Select - Contains a radio button for each code table listed.  When the radio button is activated by clicking on it, the selected code table is displayed in the Code Table Values section.  • Code Table Group - Displays the Group the code table is associated with.  Groups are:  System, Org and User, Project, Monitoring Location, Well, Activity, and Result.     • Code Table Name - Name of the code table. • Description - Description of the code table.  If you click in the description field, you will be able to view the whole description in a popup window."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"29-APR-2019 13:36:40"|"code tables"|"Code Table List"|"1"|"UC-34"
"104"|"Code Tables - Code Table Values    This screen is used by WIN users to view and maintain the code table values used in the WIN system.  This section of the screen displays the values for the selected code table.  Code Managers and the WIN Administrator can make changes the values of code tables marked as User Manageable.   CODE TABLE VALUES SECTION:  Displays all code values for the selected Code Table with the active entries first in alphabetical order followed by the inactive entries in alphabetical order.    You can sort the code values on any field to alternate between ascending and descending order. Do this by clicking on the arrows next to the field header at the top of the column.   You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.     Action buttons are only displayed if you have a role of CM (Code Manager) and are associated with the selected code table, or have a WA (WIN Administrator) role.  • Add button - When clicked, allows you to add a new code value to the table.  • Edit button - When clicked, allows you to edit the selected code value.  • Discontinue - When clicked, allows you to discontinue the selected code value by entering an End Date.    • Refresh (not found on every table) - Refreshes the drop down lists. • Save button - Displayed after the Add, Edit or Discontinue button is clicked to save the changes entered.  • Cancel button - Displayed after the Add, Edit or Discontinue button is clicked to cancel the action selected.  • Adv Rules icon - Displays the number of advanced rules for the selected code table and will take you to the Advanced Code Rules screen if clicked.  • Select column - Radio button to allow you to select a code value record to Edit or Discontinue.  • Primary Key column - The primary key for the code value record.  • The rest of the columns displayed will be different for each code table displayed.  Most will contain the Long Name field which is the code value in most tables along with a Description, Begin Date, End Date, Created User Name, Created Date, Modified User Name, and Modify Date fields.  The remaining fields will be unique to the particular code table.  • Fields that are not editable will be grayed out, but the filter and sort functions may be available for these fields.  • If a field is required, there will be an * next to the heading.  • If the field uses another code table, a SVL (Standard Value List) will be available in the field text box to select a value.    TO ADD A NEW CODE VALUE:  • Select the code table from the Code Table List by clicking on the radio button.  • Click on the Add button.  • The line below the headings will have a text box for all fields that data can be entered into.  • The Begin Date will be defaulted to the current date, you can change this to a different date if needed.  • The Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Add, Edit and Discontinue buttons will be hidden.  • You must enter / select a value for all required fields in the text boxes under the headings.  • If you decide not to add a new value, you can click on the Cancel button and OK the message to cancel the add.  • To complete the add of the new value, you will click on the Save button and OK the message.  • If advanced rules exist for the code table, a message will be displayed reminding you to go to the advanced rules screen and update the rules for the new value if needed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"29-APR-2019 14:53:01"|"code tables"|"Code Table Values"|"1"|"UC-34"
"105"|"TO EDIT A CODE VALUE:  • Select the code table from the Code Table List by clicking on the radio button.  • Select the code value record to update by clicking on the radio button.  • Click on the Edit button.  • The Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Add, Edit and Discontinue buttons will be hidden.  • Any field that allows update will have a text box on the line below the column headings.  • Enter the new value for the field(s) that need to be changed.  • If you decide not to edit the record, you can click on the Cancel button and OK the message to cancel the edit.  • To complete the edit, you will click on the Save button and OK the message.  • If advanced rules exist for the code table, a message will be displayed reminding you to go to the advanced rules screen and update the rules for the value if needed.    TO DISCONTINUE A CODE VALUE:  • Select the code table from the Code Table List by clicking on the radio button.  •  Select the code value record to discontinue by clicking on the radio button.  • Click on the Discontinue button.  • The Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed and the Add, Edit and Discontinue buttons will be hidden.  • The End Date field will have a text box on the line below the column heading for you to enter the end date for this value.  • Enter the End Date (it must be equal to or later than the current date, a calendar is availbe to select a date if desired).  • If you decide not to Discontinue the record, you can click on the Cancel button and OK the message to cancel the discontinue.  • To complete the Discontinue, you will click on the Save button and OK the message."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Code Tables"|"Code Table Values"|"2"|"UC-34"
"106"|"Reassign Reach Codes - Monitoring Location List    This screen is mainly used by the Code Manager (CM) for the Reach Code table to search for monitoring location records where the Reach Code has been split or deleted (made inactive) and needs to be assigned an approved Reach Code or to search for monitoring location records where a provisional Reach Code is assigned (starts with 99) and needs to be assigned an approved Reach Code.  This section of the screen lists all monitoring locations that match the Reach Code selected in the Monitoring Location Search section, and allows selection of an approved Reach Code for the monitoring locations.   MONITORING LOCATION LIST SECTION:  This section of the screen displays all monitoring locations that are assigned the selected Reach Code for you to assign an approved Reach Code.  Only the New Reach Code field is updateable.  • Action - Will display a Show Map button to allow you to view the monitoring location on a map.  • Org ID - Will display the organization associated with the monitoring location.  • Monitoring Location ID - Displayed as a hyperlink to take you to the Monitoring Location Detail screen.  • Monitoring Location Name  • DEP Decimal Lat - Will display the DEP Decimal Degree Lat of the monitoring Location.  • DEP Decimal Long - Will display the DEP Decimal Degree Long of the monitoring Location.  • Primary Type - Will display the Primary Type (Surface Water or Ground Water) of the monitoring Location.  • Secondary Type - Will display the Secondary Type of the monitoring location.  • Current Reach Code - Will display the current Reach Code assigned to the monitoring location which has been split or deleted (made inactive) or is a Provisional Reach Code and needs to be replaced with an approved reach code.  • New Reach Code - Wil contain a drop down list of Reach Codes that can replace the split or deleted (made inactive) or Provisional Reach Code.    TO REASSIGN A REACH CODE:  Click in the New Reach Code field and a drop down list will appear.   If any Reach Codes are in the drop down list:  • Select the appropriate Reach Code.  • Repeat for all monitoring locations you want to assign a new Reach Code to.  • Click on the Save button and then OK to update the assigned Reach Code for the monitoring locations.  • If you decide to not save the changes entered, click on the Cancel button then OK and all Reach Codes selected will be cleared.    If NO Reach Codes are in the drop down list and you selected the Reach Code from the Reach Codes Ready to be Updated list:  • Click on the Monitoring Location ID hyperlink to be taken to the Monitoring Location Detail screen.  • Create an Anomaly on the monitoring location to notify the data provider that they should visually verify the station again and select an existing reach code or request a new reach code."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"01-OCT-2021 13:31:44"|"Reassign Reach Codes"|"Monitoring Location List"|"1"|"UC-35"
"107"|"Reassign Reach Codes - Monitoring Location Search    This screen is mainly used by the Code Manager (CM) for the Reach Code table to search for monitoring location records where the Reach Code has been split or deleted (made inactive) and needs to be assigned an approved Reach Code or to search for monitoring location records where a provisional Reach Code is assigned (starts with 99) and needs to be assigned an approved Reach Code.  This section of the screen allows the CM to search by deleted, split reach codes, or provisional reach codes to list all monitoring locations.    MONITORING LOCATION SEARCH SECTION:  This section has two options to allow you to search for the monitoring locations that are assigned to a deleted (made inactive), split, or provisional Reach Code that now has an approved Reach Code.  • Reach Codes Ready to be Updated - Selecting a Reach Code from this drop down list of Reach Codes that have been deleted or split and are no longer valid will allow you to list all Monitoring Locations that are assigned to this Reach Code so you can update the Reach Code to an approved Reach code.  • Pending Provisional Reach Codes - Selecting a Provisional Reach Code from this drop down list will allow you to list all Monitoring Locations that are assigned the Provisional Reach Code so you can update the Reach Code to an approved Reach code.  • List Monitoring Locations button - After selecting a Reach Code from one of the drop down lists, click on this button to display all monitoring locations that are assigned the selected Reach Code in the Monitoring Location List section.  • Clear All button - This is used to clear all search criteria entered and allows new search criteria to be entered.    When the search criteria is cleared, the Monitoring Location List is also cleared."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"01-OCT-2021 13:39:34"|"Reassign Reach Codes"|"Monitoring Location Search"|"1"|"UC-35"
"108"|"Search Data - Activities and Results    You will use the Activities and Results section of the screen to enter criteria in order to locate activities / results.  If the Organizations, Projects, or Monitoring Locations sections have criteria entered, the selected activities / results will be filtered by the selected Organizations, Projects and Monitoring Locations.    ACTIVITIES SEARCH FIELDS:  • Activity ID - You can enter as few or as many characters you want to identify the Activity ID of the Activities you are searching for.  If you do a search, the system will pull all Activities where the entered data is contained within the Activity ID.  (Wildcards % can be used on both sides of the entered text and the search will not be case sensitive).  • Activity Type - This is a multi-select field which allows you to add and remove selections from the list.  The dropdown list will contain all valid Activity Type codes.  One can be selected by highlighting a value and pressing the Add arrow.  The added value will be displayed in a grid next to the dropdown.  To remove a selected value, highlight the value and click on the Remove arrow.  The selected values list should display 3 values and have a scroll bar if more values are selected.  • Activity Start Date Range - Dates can be entered in the format of MM/DD/YYYY or can be selected from the calendar popup.  The date entered must be a valid date.  The From date if entered must be earlier or equal to the To date.  The To date if entered must be after or equal to the From date.  You can enter both the From and To dates, or just the From or just the To.  If a From date is entered and no To date is entered, the selection will be all Activities that meet all of the selection criteria and the Activity Start Date is on or after the date entered.  If a To date is entered and no From date, the selection will be all Activities that meet all of the selection criteria and the Activity Start Date is on or before the date entered.  If both dates are entered, the selection will be all Activities that meet all the selection criteria and the Activity Start Date is within the date range entered.  • Matrix - This is a multi-select field which allows you to add and remove selections from the list.  The dropdown list will contain all valid Matrix codes.  One can be selected by highlighting a value and pressing the Add arrow.  The added value will be displayed in a grid next to the dropdown.  To remove a selected value, highlight the value and click on the Remove arrow.  The selected values list should display 3 values and have a scroll bar if more values are selected.  • Sample Collection Type - You can select a Sample Collection Type from the dropdown list of all Sample Collection Type codes  • Activity Anomaly Type - You can select an Anomaly Type from the dropdown list of all Anomaly Type codes available for Activities."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:30:41"|"Search Data"|"Activities and Results"|"1"|"uc-36"
"109"|"RESULTS SEARCH FIELDS:  • DEP Result ID - You can enter as few or as many characters you want to identify the Result ID of the Activities you are searching for.  If you do a search, the system will pull all Results where the entered data is contained within the Result ID.  (The system will put wildcards on both sides of the entered text and the search will not be case sensitive).  • Org Result ID - You can enter up to 50 characters to match the Org Result ID.  The wildcard (%) can be used.  • DEP Analyte Name - This is a multi-select field containing all DEP Analyte Name codes and operates the same as the Matrix field.  • Org Result Unit - You can select a Unit from the dropdown list of all Unit codes.  • Value Qualifier - Text field to enter value qualifier, the wildcard (%) character can be used.  • Analysis Method - You can select an Analysis Method from the dropdown list of all Analysis Method codes.  • Analysis Start Date Range - This field works like the Activity Start Date Range field for selecting an Analysis Start Date range.  • Lab ID - You can select a Lab ID from the dropdown list of all Lab ID codes.  • Lab Sample ID - You can enter up to 50 characters to match the Lab Sample ID.  The wildcard (%) can be used.  • Result Anomaly Type - You can select an Anomaly Type from the dropdown list of all Anomaly Type codes available for Results.    ACTIVITIES AND RESULTS BUTTONS:  • List Activities button - You will use this be transferred to the “Activities List” screen displaying all of the Activities that match the criteria you entered.  • List Results button - You will use this be transferred to the “Results List” screen displaying all of the Results that match the criteria you entered."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Search Data"|"Activities and Results"|"2"|"UC-36"
"110"|"Search Data - Monitoring Locations (ML)    You will use the Monitoring Locations (ML) section of the screen to enter criteria to locate monitoring locations or locate activities / results associated with the selected monitoring locations.  If the Organizations or Projects sections have criteria entered, the selected monitoring locations will be filtered by the selected Organizations and Projects.    MONITORING LOCATION SEARCH FIELDS:  • Monitoring Location ID - You can enter as few or as many characters you want to identify the Monitoring Location ID of the Monitoring Location(s) you are searching for.  If you do a search, the system will pull all Monitoring Locations where the entered data is contained within the Monitoring Location ID.  (Wildcards % can be used on both sides of the entered text and the search will not be case sensitive). • Monitoring Location Name - You can enter as few or as many characters you want to identify the Monitoring Location Name of the Monitoring Location(s) you are searching for.  If you do a search, the system will pull all Monitoring Locations where the entered data is contained within the Monitoring Location Name. (Wildcards % can be used on both sides of the entered text and the search will not be case sensitive). • Primary Type - This is a multi-select field which allows you to add and remove selections from the list.  The dropdown list will contain all valid Primary Type codes.  One can be selected by highlighting a value and pressing the Add arrow.  The added value will be displayed in a grid next to the dropdown.  To remove a selected value, highlight the value and click on the Remove arrow.  The selected values list should display 3 values and have a scroll bar if more values are selected.  • Secondary Type - This is a multi-select field which allows you to add and remove selections from the list.  The dropdown list will contain all valid Secondary Type codes filtered by the ones relevant to the Primary Type code(s) selected if any Primary Type codes are selected.  One can be selected by highlighting a value and pressing the Add arrow.  The added value will be displayed in a grid next to the dropdown.  To remove a selected value, highlight the value and click on the Remove arrow.  The selected values list should display 3 values and have a scroll bar if more values are selected.  • Waterbody Name - You can select a Waterbody Name from the dropdown list.  • Well Type - You can select a Well Type from the dropdown list.  This field will be disable if a Primary Type is selected and Ground Water is not one of the selected values.  • NHD Reach Code - You can select a NHD Reach Code from the dropdown list.  • Anomaly Type - You can select an Anomaly Type from the dropdown list of all Anomaly Type codes available for Monitoring Locations.    MONITORING LOCATION BUTTONS:  • List Monitoring Locations button - This button is displayed if the Monitoring Locations search section is open and no other section below is open.  You will use this to be transferred to the Monitoring Locations List screen displaying all the Monitoring Locations for organizations that match the criteria you entered."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:44:58"|"Search Data"|"Monitoring Locations (ML)"|"1"|"uc-36"
"111"|"Search Data - Organizations and Contacts    You will use the Organizations and Contacts section of the screen to enter criteria to locate an organization or organization contacts or locate projects, monitoring locations or activities / results associated with the selected organizations.    ORGANIZATION AND CONTACTS SEARCH FIELDS:  • Organization ID - The dropdown list will contain all the organizations allowed by your current active WIN Roles.  Once an ID is selected, the Organization Name field will be defaulted to the selected organizations name.  All other organization search fields will be filtered by their associations to the selected organization (only the org type of the selected org will appear in the Organization Type dropdown list).  • Organization Name - The dropdown list will contain all the names of all organizations allowed by your current active WIN Roles.  Once a Name is selected, the Organization ID field will be defaulted to the selected organizations ID.  All other organization search fields will be filtered by their associations to the selected organization (only the org type of the selected org will appear in the Organization Type dropdown list).  • Organization Type - If no organization is selected, this will contain all organization type values, if an organization is selected, only the type associated with that organization will be in the list.  • Organization Status - If no organization is selected, this will contain all organization status values, if an organization is selected, only the status associated with that organization will be in the list.  • Coordination Area - If no organization is selected, this will contain all Coordination Area values, if an organization is selected, only the Coordination Area associated with that organization will be in the list.  • WIN Coordinator - If no organization is selected, this will contain all WIN Coordinators (First Name Last Name), if an organization is selected, only the Coordinators associated with that organization will be in the list.  • Contact Name - If no organization is selected, this will contain all Contacts (First Name Last Name), if an organization is selected, only the Contacts associated with that organization will be in the list.  • Contact Status - This will contain all Contact Status values.    ORGANIZATION AND CONTACTS BUTTONS:  • List Organizations button - This button is displayed if the Organization search section is open and no other section below is open.  You will use this to be transferred to the “Organizations List” screen displaying all the organizations that match the criteria you entered.  • List Contacts button - This button is displayed if the Organization search section is open and no other section below is open.  You will use this to be transferred to the “Contacts List” screen displaying all the contacts that match the criteria you entered."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:48:58"|"Search Data"|"Organizations and Contacts"|"1"|"uc-36"
"112"|"Search Data - Projects    You will use the Projects section of the screen to enter criteria to locate projects or locate monitoring locations or activities / results associated with the selected projects.  If the Organizations section has criteria entered, the selected projects will be filtered by the selected Organizations.    PROJECTS SEARCH FIELDS:  • Project ID - You can enter as few or as many characters you want to identify the Project ID of the Project(s) you are searching for.  If you do a search, the system will pull all projects where the entered data is contained within the Project ID.  (Wildcards % can be used on both sides of the entered text and the search will not be case sensitive). • Project Name - You can enter as few or as many characters you want to identify the Project Name of the Project(s) you are searching for.  If you do a search, the system will pull all projects where the entered data is contained within the Project Name.  (Wildcards % can be used on both sides of the entered text and the search will not be case sensitive). • Project Intended Use- This is a multi-select field which allows you to add and remove selections from the list.  The dropdown list will contain all valid Project Intended Use codes.  One can be selected by highlighting a value and pressing the Add arrow.  The added value will be displayed in a grid next to the dropdown.  To remove a selected value, highlight the value and click on the Remove arrow.  The selected values list should display 3 values and have a scroll bar if more values are selected.  • Projects Start Date Range - Dates can be entered in the format of MM/DD/YYYY or can be selected from the calendar popup.  The date entered must be a valid date.  The From date if entered must be earlier or equal to the To date.  The To date if entered must be after or equal to the From date.  You can enter both the From and To dates, or just the From or just the To.  If a From date is entered and no To date is entered, the selection will be all Projects that meet all of the selection criteria and the Project Start Date is on or after the date entered.  If a To date is entered and no From date, the selection will be all Projects that meet all of the selection criteria and the Project Start Date is on or before the date entered.  If both dates are entered, the selection will be all Projects that meet all the selection criteria and the Project Start Date is within the date range entered.    PROJECTS BUTTONS:  • List Projects button - This button is displayed if the Projects search section is open and no other section below is open.  You will use this to transfer you to the “Projects List” screen displaying all the projects that match the criteria you entered."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:51:44"|"Search Data"|"Projects"|"1"|"uc-36"
"113"|"Search Data    You will use this screen to search WIN data records in the Migrated tables for maintenance and quality review purposes.  The screen is designed as an Advanced Data Search Tree with filtering parameters for organizations & contacts, projects, monitoring locations, and activities & results.    You can enter search parameters in only the Organizations and Contacts section and select to list all organizations that match the criteria entered or all contacts that match the contacts criteria entered for organizations that match the organization criteria.  You can do the same for each of the sections independently (only opening and entering criteria for the one section and keeping all others closed).    You open a section by clicking on the > and close / collapse the section by clicking on the V again.  If you want to list Projects, Monitoring Locations, or Activities and Results based upon organizations, you can open the organization and contacts section and enter the criteria and then open one or more of the other sections and enter criteria.  The List option(s) will only be available in the lowest opened section and the records selected will be based upon the criteria entered in all the sections opened above it using an “and” combination method (E.g. Results with selected Monitoring Location and Activity Type and Analyte).    The Clear All Filters button / icon allows you to clear what is entered in all the filters and start over entering the criteria.   If you open and enter criteria in a section and then close it, the criteria in that section will be cleared.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.      ACCESS ALLOWED BY ROLES:  WA, WC, CM, PSU or AM - You can View data for any Organization.  DPA, DL or MLM - You can View data for Organizations which you are associated.  QUERY RESTRICTIONS:  The number of records allowed to be returned to the screen is limited.  Currently the maximum number of records is limited to 500.  If your search will return more than this limit, a message will be displayed asking you to enter more filters to reduce the number of records or use the warehouse if your search intent is limited to viewing/extraction of data."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:54:46"|"Search Data"|"Search Data"|"1"|"uc-36"
"114"|"Organization List - Org Active Contacts    You will use this screen to view Active Contacts based upon your role for the organization.    ORGANIZATION ACTIVE CONTACT FIELDS:  • Name (displayed as a hyperlink)  • Type  • Role Granted  • Count of the Number of Active Contacts listed.    TO GET MORE INFORMATION ABOUT A CONTACT:  Click on the Name hyperlink.  You will be transferred to the Contact List and Detail screen displaying the selected contact.    TO SEE ALL PROJECTS FOR THE ORGANIZATION DISPLAYED:  Click on the “List Projects by Organization” button at the bottom of the screen (you may need to scroll to see the button).  You will be transferred to the Project List and Detail screen to see all of the projects associated with the organization.    TO SEE ALL CONTACTS FOR THE ORGANIZATION DISPLAYED:  Click on the “List All Contacts by Organization” button at the bottom of the screen (you may need to scroll to see the button).  You will be transferred to the List All Contacts by Organization screen to see all contacts associated with the organization."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Organization List"|"Org Active Contacts"|"1"|"UC-37"
"115"|"Organization List - Org Address    You will use this screen to view, Add, update and Delete Organization Addresses based upon your role for the organization.    ORGANIZATION ADDRESS FIELDS:  The Organization Addresses displayed are for the Organization associated with the Org ID hyperlink you clicked in the Organization List.  • Address Type  • Address 1  • Address 2  • City  • State  • Zip Code    PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the Address section are counts of the address you are on and how many exist.  You can use the navigation symbols to go to the first record, the next record, the previous record or the last.    BUTTONS:  • Add - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows adds.  • Edit - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows updates.  • Delete - Will be displayed if your current role allows Delete and more than one Address exists.    TO UPDATE AN ORGANIZATION ADDRESS: Only allowed if the Edit button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Edit button.  The system will change the fields to updatable fields.  The Save and Cancel buttons are displayed and the Edit, Add and Delete buttons are hidden.  You can update any of the fields based upon the following guidelines.  • Address Type - This is a required field (cannot be left blank).  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Address 1 - This is a required field.  You will update/enter the new address in the space provided.  Maximum size of 120 characters.  • Address 2 - You will update / enter the second address line in the space provided.  Maximum size of 120 characters.  • City - This is a required field.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • State - This is a required field.  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Zip Code - This is a required field.  You can enter 5 digit zip code.    Once you have updated all of the information, click on the Save button to save the changes.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to save the changes.  If you click OK, the changes will be saved and the screen will change back to display only with the Save and Cancel buttons no longer displayed.  If you click Cancel, the changes will remain on the screen but not saved.    If you decide to not save the changes you have made, click on the Cancel button and select the OK option on the confirmation message.  The screen will be refreshed removing the changes and changing the screen to the original state when the Org ID was clicked.  If you select Cancel on the confirmation message, no action will be taken and the changes you have made will remain on the screen.      TO CREATE A NEW ADDRESS:  Only allowed if the Add button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Add button.  The screen will work just like the Edit did above with the exception that all of the fields will be blank.  The same edits will be enforced for each of the fields (required, max size).  The Edit and Cancel buttons will also work like they did with the Edit.    TO DELETE THE ORGANIZATION ADDRESS: Only allowed if the Delete button is enabled (enabled by your current role and more than 1 address exists for the organization).   Click on the Delete button.  A message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to delete the organization address.  If you click on the OK option, the system will delete the organization address, change the record count and display the next address in the display format."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"12-MAR-2019 11:02:15"|"Organization List"|"Org Address"|"1"|"UC-37"
"116"|"Organization List - Org Phone    You will use this screen to view, add, update and delete Organization Phones based upon your role for the organization.    ORGANIZATION PHONE FIELDS:  The Organization Phones displayed are for the Organization associated with the Org ID hyperlink you clicked in the Organization List.  • Phone No. Type  • Phone Number  • Phone Extension    PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the Phone section are counts of the phone number you are on and how many exist.  You can use the navigation symbols to go to the first record, the next record, the previous record or the last.    BUTTONS:  • Add - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows adds.  • Edit - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows updates.  • Delete - Will be displayed if your current role allows Delete and more than one Phone record exists.    TO UPDATE AN ORGANIZATION PHONE NUMBER: Only allowed if the Edit button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Edit button.  The system will change the fields to updatable fields.  The Save and Cancel buttons are displayed and the Edit, Add and Delete buttons are hidden.  You can update any of the fields based upon the following guidelines.  • Phone No. Type - This is a required field (cannot be left blank).  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Phone Number - This is a required field.  You will update/enter the new phone number in the space provided.  Format allowed is (999)999-9999.  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    Once you have updated all of the information, click on the Save button to save the changes.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to save the changes.  If you click OK, the changes will be saved and the screen will change back to display only with the Save and Cancel buttons no longer displayed.  If you click Cancel, the changes will remain on the screen but not saved.    If you decide to not save the changes you have made, click on the Cancel button and select the OK option on the confirmation message.  The screen will be refreshed removing the changes and changing the screen to the original state when the Org ID was clicked.  If you select Cancel on the confirmation message, no action will be taken and the changes you have made will remain on the screen.      TO CREATE A NEW PHONE NUMBER:  Only allowed if the Add button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Add button.  The screen will work just like the Edit did above with the exception that all of the fields will be blank.  The same edits will be enforced for each of the fields (required, format, max size).  The Edit and Cancel buttons will also work like they did with the Edit.    TO DELETE THE ORGANIZATION PHONE NUMBER: Only allowed if the Delete button is enabled (enabled by your current role and more than 1 address exists for the organization).   Click on the Delete button.  A message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to delete the organization phone number.  If you click on the OK option, the system will delete the organization phone number, change the record count and display the next phone number in the display format."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Organization List"|"Org Phone"|"1"|"UC-37"
"117"|"Organization List - Organization Detail    You will use this screen to view, update or Delete the Organization.    ORGANIZATION DETAIL FIELDS:  • Org ID  • Org Status  • Org Type  • Org Name  • Org Internet Address  • Coordination Area  • WIN Coordinators (will display all Active coordinators first in alphabetical order)    BUTTONS:  • Edit -  Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows updates.  • Delete - Will be displayed if your current role is WA and the organization displayed does not have any Activities, Results or Monitoring Locations linked to it.    TO UPDATE THE ORGANIZATION: Only allowed if the Edit button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Edit button.  The system will change the fields (except Org ID, Org Status and WIN Coordinators) to updatable fields.  The Save and Cancel buttons are displayed and the Edit and Delete buttons are hidden.  You can update any of the updatable fields based upon the following guidelines.  • Org Type - This is a required field (cannot be left blank).  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Org Name - This is a required field.  You will update/enter the new name for the organization in the space provided.  Maximum size of 120 characters and the name must be unique, cannot be the same as any other organization name.  • Org Internet Address - You will update / enter the internet address for the organization in the space provided.  Maximum size of 120 characters and it must contain a period “.”.  • Org Description - You can enter up to 500 characters for the organization description.  To be able to see the whole description, click in the field and a popup screen will display where you can modify the text and when you close the popup the description will be displayed in the field.  • Coordination Area -  You can only update this field if you have the role of WA.  If you are a WA, you will use the dropdown list to select the coordination area for the organization.    Once you have updated all of the information, click on the Save button to save the changes.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to save the changes.  If you click OK, the changes will be saved and the screen will change back to display only with the Save and Cancel buttons no longer displayed.  If you click Cancel, the changes will remain on the screen but not saved.    If you decide to not save the changes you have made, click on the Cancel button and select the OK option on the confirmation message.  The screen will be refreshed removing the changes and changing the screen to the original state when the Org ID was clicked.  If you select Cancel on the confirmation message, no action will be taken and the changes you have made will remain on the screen.      TO DELETE THE ORGANIZATION: Only allowed if the Delete button is enabled (You have a role of WA and the organization does not have any Activities, Results or Monitoring Locations).   Click on the Delete button.  A message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to delete the organization.  If you click on the OK option, the system will create a history of the organization and delete the organization and all Address, Phone and Contacts associated with the organization and refresh the screen with the deleted organization no longer in the Organization List."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"12-MAR-2019 11:03:26"|"Organization List"|"Organization Detail"|"1"|"UC-37"
"118"|"TO VIEW THE HISTORY FOR THE ORGANIZATION: Only available when at least one history record exists for the organization.  Click on the History icon.  The History screen is displayed showing the following information for each history record.  • History Action - Will be a “D” if the organization was deleted or a “U” if the Name of the organization was updated.  • Org ID  • Org Name  • Created Date  • Created by Username  • Modified Date  • Modified by Username    Click on the Close button to close the history screen and return to the Organization List and Detail screen in the same state it was before clicking on the History icon."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Organization List"|"Organization Detail"|"2"|"UC-37"
"119"|"Organization List    You will use this screen to view Organizations meeting the criteria from the search or by clicking on an Org ID hyperlink.  If you came here by clicking on an Organization ID hyperlink somewhere in the WIN system, it will be the only Organization listed and the count will be 1.    ORGANIZATION LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the organizations on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Org ID - Displayed as a hyperlink which when clicked will display the Organization Detail, Address, Phone and Contact information in the Organization Detail section below this list.  • Org Name  • Org Type  • Org Status  • Description (truncated to 50 Char.)    Below the Organization List grid is a count of the Organizations that met your search criteria if you came from the Search screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"12-MAR-2019 11:06:45"|"Organization List"|"Organization List"|"1"|"UC-37"
"120"|"Contact List - Contact Address    You will use this screen to view, Add, Update and Delete Contact Addresses based upon your role for the organization.    CONTACT ADDRESS FIELDS:  The Contact Addresses displayed are for the Organization associated with the User ID hyperlink you clicked in the Contact List.  • Address Type  • Address 1  • Address 2  • City  • State  • Zip Code    PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the Address section are counts of the address you are on and how many exist.  You can use the navigation symbols to go to the first record, the next record, the previous record or the last.    BUTTONS:  • Add - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows adds.  • Edit - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows updates.  • Delete - Will be displayed if your current role allows Delete and more than one Address exists.    TO UPDATE AN ORGANIZATION ADDRESS: Only allowed if the Edit button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Edit button.  The system will change the fields to updatable fields.  The Save and Cancel buttons are displayed and the Edit, Add and Delete buttons are hidden.  You can update any of the fields based upon the following guidelines.  • Address Type - This is a required field (cannot be left blank).  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Address 1 - This is a required field.  You will update/enter the new address in the space provided.  Maximum size of 120 characters.  • Address 2 - You will update / enter the second address line in the space provided.  Maximum size of 120 characters.  • City - This is a required field.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • State - This is a required field.  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Zip Code - This is a required field.  You can enter 5 digit zip code.    Once you have updated all of the information, click on the Save button to save the changes.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to save the changes.  If you click OK, the changes will be saved and the screen will change back to display only with the Save and Cancel buttons no longer displayed.  If you click Cancel, the changes will remain on the screen but not saved.    TO CANCEL CHANGES MADE TO THE CONTACT ADDRESS:  If you decide to not save the changes you have made, click on the Cancel button and select the OK option on the confirmation message.  The screen will be refreshed removing the changes and changing the screen to the original state when the User ID was clicked.  If you select Cancel on the confirmation message, no action will be taken and the changes you have made will remain on the screen.     TO CREATE A NEW ADDRESS:  Only allowed if the Add button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Add button.  The screen will work just like the Edit did above with the exception that all of the fields will be blank.  The same edits will be enforced for each of the fields (required, max size).  The Edit and Cancel buttons will also work like they did with the Edit.    TO DELETE THE ORGANIZATION ADDRESS: Only allowed if the Delete button is enabled (enabled by your current role and more than 1 address exists for the organization).   Click on the Delete button.  A message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to delete the organization address.  If you click on the OK option, the system will delete the organization address, change the record count and display the next address in the display format."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Contact List"|"Contact Address"|"1"|"UC-38"
"121"|"Contact List - Contact Detail    You will use this screen to view, update and Delete Contact information for an organization based upon your role for the organization.  If the User ID displayed is your User ID, you will be able to use the link provided to update your personal account information.    CONTACT DETAIL FIELDS:  The Contact displayed is the User ID hyperlink you clicked in the Contact List.  • Name (First, Last) (required field) • User ID (required field) • Email (required field) • Contact Type (required field) • Role Granted (required field) • Role Requested (required field) • Status (required field) • Description    BUTTONS:  • Edit -  Will be displayed if your current role for the organization of the contact allows updates or the User ID displayed is yours.  TO UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL ACCOUNT INFORMATION:  The User ID displayed needs to be your User ID.  Click on the Edit button over the Contact Detail section.  The system will transfer you to the My Account screen to update your personal account information.  When you return to the Contact Detail screen, your updated contact information will be displayed for the organization.     TO UPDATE THE ORGANIZATION CONTACT: Only allowed if the Edit button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization and the User ID displayed is not your User ID).  Click on the Edit button.  The system will change the fields that allow updates to updateable fields.  The Save and Cancel buttons are displayed and the Edit and Delete buttons are hidden.  You can update any of the updatable fields based upon the following guidelines.  • Email - This is a required field (cannot be left blank).  The Email address entered must contain the “@” sign and cannot be more than 120 characters.  • Contact Type - This is a required field.  You can select the contact type desired from the dropdown list of contact types.  • Status - This is a required field.  You can change the role to Active if it is currently Inactive or Pending.  If it is currently Active or Pending you can change it to Inactive.  • Description - You can enter up to 1,000 characters for the description of this role to the organization.  To be able to see the whole description, click in the field and a popup screen will display where you can modify the text and when you close the popup the description will be displayed in the field.  Once you have updated all of the information, click on the Save button to save the changes.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to save the changes.  If you click OK, the changes will be saved and the screen will change back to display only with the Save and Cancel buttons no longer displayed.  If you click Cancel, the changes will remain on the screen but not saved.    TO CANCEL CHANGES MADE TO THE CONTACT DETAIL:  If you decide to not save the changes you have made, click on the Cancel button and select the OK option on the confirmation message.  The screen will be refreshed removing the changes and changing the screen back to the original state when the User ID was clicked.  If you select Cancel on the confirmation message, no action will be taken and the changes you have made will remain on the screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"DESIDI_R"|"28-JUL-2021 16:57:14"|"Contact List"|"Contact Detail"|"1"|"UC-38"
"122"|"Contact List     You will use this screen to view Organization Contacts.    CONTACT LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the contacts, on any field, to alternate between ascending and descending order.  Do this by clicking on the arrows next to the field header at the top of the row.   You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • User ID - Displayed as a hyperlink which when clicked will display the Contact Detail, Address and Phone information in the sections below this list.  • Org ID - Displayed as a hyperlink which when clicked will transfer you to the Organization List and Detail screen displaying the selected Organization.  • Contact Name (First and Last)  • Contact Type  • Role Granted  • Contact Status (Status of the role for the organization associated)    Below the Contact List grid is a count of the Contacts associated with the organizations that met your search criteria -  if you came from the Search screen.  If you came here by clicking on an Contact Name hyperlink somewhere in the WIN system, it will be the only Contact listed and the count will be 1."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"29-APR-2019 13:12:54"|"contact list"|"Contact List"|"1"|"UC-38"
"123"|"Contact List - Contact Phone    You will use this screen to view, add, update and delete Contact Phone information based upon your role for the organization associated with the User ID selected.    CONTACT PHONE FIELDS:  The Contact Phone's displayed are for the Organization associated with the User ID hyperlink you clicked in the Contact List.  • Phone No. Type  • Phone Number  • Phone Extension    PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the Phone section is a count of the phone numbers - the one you are on out of how many exist.  You can use the navigation symbols to go to the first record, the next record, the previous record or the last.    BUTTONS:  • Add - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows additions.  • Edit - Will be displayed if your current role for the organization allows updates.  • Delete - Will be displayed if your current role allows Delete and more than one Phone records exist.    TO UPDATE AN CONTACT PHONE:   Only allowed if the Edit button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Edit button.  The system will change the fields to updatable fields.  The Save and Cancel buttons are displayed and the Edit, Add and Delete buttons are hidden.  You can update any of the fields based upon the following guidelines.  • Phone No. Type - This is a required field (cannot be left blank).  You select a new value from the dropdown list.  • Phone Number - This is a required field.  You will update/enter the new phone number in the space provided.  Format for entry is (999)999-9999.  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    Once you have updated all of the information, click on the Save button to save the changes.  When clicked, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to save the changes.  If you click OK, the changes will be saved and the screen will change back to display only with the Save and Caancel buttons no longer displayed.  If you click Cancel, the changes will remain on the screen but not saved.    TO CANCEL CHANGES MADE TO THE CONTACT PHONE:  If you decide not to save the changes you have made, click on the Cancel button and select the OK option on the confirmation message.  The screen will be refreshed removing the changes and changing the screen to the original state when the User ID was clicked.  If you select Cancel on the confirmation message, no action will be taken and the changes you have made will remain on the screen.      TO CREATE A NEW PHONE NUMBER:  Only allowed if the Add button is enabled (enabled by your current role for the organization).  Click on the Add button.  The screen will work just like the Edit did above with the exception that all of the fields will be blank.  The same edits will be enforced for each of the fields (required, format, max size).  The Save and Cancel buttons will also work like they did with the Edit.    TO DELETE THE ORGANIZATION PHONE NUMBER: Only allowed if the Delete button is enabled (enabled by your current role and more than 1 phone number exists for the organization).   Click on the Delete button.  A message will be displayed asking you to confirm you want to delete the organization phone number.  If you click on the OK option, the system will delete the organization phone number, change the record count and display the next phone number in the display format."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"29-APR-2019 13:21:28"|"contact list"|"Contact Phone"|"1"|"UC-38"
"124"|"Project List - Project Detail    This section of the screen is used to view, update or delete project data.    PROJECT DETAIL FIELDS:  Any field with an “*” next to the field name is a required field.  • Org ID - Cannot be updated.    • Project ID - The Project ID must be unique for the organization and only linked to this organization.  All updates will be tracked in the History for the project.  • Project Name   • Description - You can click on the bottom right corner of the field and drag it down to display more of the description.  • Start Date  • End Date - The date on which the project ended. This must be later than the Project Start Date.  • Project Type  • Customer - Displays the organization or party for which the sampling effort is being done.  When adding a new project or updating, you can select the Customer from a SVL drop down list.  • Project Intended Uses - This field is not required when creating a new project, but is required before the data can be loaded into the Migrated Data area of WIN.  If you have either the WC role for the organization or a WA role, you can use the multi select function to select the Intended Uses for this project.  You will highlight the value to be added or removed from the list and select the “Add” or “Remove” arrows.    PROJECT DETAIL ACTIONS:  (Action button are available based upon your roles)  • Edit - When clicked, the data will be enabled for update and the “Save” and “Cancel” buttons will be available.  • Add - When clicked, the data is cleared and ready for a new project to be entered.  The “Save” and “Cancel” buttons become available.  • Save - Is turned on when a you select Add or Edit.  When clicked, you will be asked to confirm the save of the data from an add or edit.  If you confirm, the data will be saved and a history record created if required.  If the save is not confirmed, the data is not saved.  • Cancel - Is turned on when you select Add or Edit.  When clicked, you will be asked to confirm the cancel of the edit or add changes. If you confirm, the changed data is abandoned and the screen is refreshed with the original data.  If not confirmed, the data stays as modified.  • History - Only displayed if there are any history records for the project.  When clicked a screen will be displayed showing the current contents of the project and then list all history records in ascending order.  The fields listed will be History Action, Project ID, Project Name, Created Date, Created by Username, Modified Date, Modified by Username.  • Delete - Only available to a subset of roles.  When clicked, you will be asked to confirm the delete of the project.  If confirmed, a history is created showing the project was deleted, the project is deleted and removed from the Project List above.  If this was the only project in the list, the “No Records Found” message will be displayed and you will be taken to the Search Data screen.  • Activities by Project - This button is only available if the Organization / Project has at least one activity associated with the project.  When clicked, you will be taken to the Activity List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"20-JUL-2020 14:39:27"|"Project List"|"Project Detail"|"1"|"UC-39"
"125"|"Project List    This section lists the Projects requested from your search or selection of a Project ID from a hyperlink or the Welcome screen (WC only).  This section is display only, no updates are allowed.    PROJECT LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the projects on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Project ID - If user clicks on the Project ID hyperlink, the project details will be displayed in the Project Detail section below.  • Org ID -  If the user clicks on the Org ID hyperlink, you will be taken to the Organization List and Detail screen to display the organization.  • Project Name  • Project Description"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Project List"|"Project List"|"1"|"UC-39"
"126"|"Monitoring Location List    This screen is used to view the Monitoring Locations requested.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.    MONITORING LOCATION LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.      You can use the text boxes below the headings to filter the records displayed.  You can use the wildcard “%”  to get the results you are wanting.  If you just enter “loc”, only records with only “loc” as the value will be returned.  If you want every record that has “loc” contained in that field, then enter “%loc%”.  If you want to pull all records where this field starts with “loc”, then enter “loc%” and  to pull all records that end with “loc” enter “%loc”.  Click on the X next to the text box to remove a filter.    • Select this Page - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Edit Selected Records”, “Map Monitoring Locations” or the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.  The checkbox will be disabled for records with the Locked Ind set to “Y”.    • Mon Loc ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Monitoring Location Detail screen.  • Org ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Organization List and Detail screen with this Organization highlighted.  • Monitoring Location Name  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Waterbody Name  • Well Type    RRECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on of how many pages exist (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records and the number that are locked for editing (example - 1 - 100 of 253 Monitoring Locations 3 locked for Editing).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page.     MONITORING LOCATION LIST ACTIONS:   • Edit Selected Records - You will use this after you have checked at least one Monitoring Location (all selected Monitoring Locations must be for the same Organization and same class (SW or GW)) to send the selected records back to Staging for editing.  • Map Monitoring Locations - If you select this action, the system passes the selected monitoring location IDs for use in displaying the locations on the MapDirect interface showing all of the selected Monitoring Locations on the map.  • Export Selected Records - You will use this after you have checked at least one Monitoring Location to Export.  The system will calculate the number of records that will be exported.  If over the limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed telling you that the report will be run after hours and you will receive an email when completed instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If below the limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report will be delivered to you as a pipe (|) delimited txt file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Mon Loc List"|"Monitoring Location List"|"1"|"UC-40"
"127"|"Monitoring Location Detail    This screen is used to view, update or delete a Monitoring Location record.      MONITORING LOCATION DETAIL FIELDS:  The Well Tab is only enabled for GW Monitoring Locations.  • Org ID  • Org Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • STORET Monitoring Location ID  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Waterbody Name  • Decimal Degree Latitude.  • Decimal Degree Longitude  • Latitude Measure  • Longitude Measure  • Org Datum  • Org Method  • Source Map Scale  • DEP Latitude  • DEP Longitude  • DEP Point Moved  • Verifier Name  •Verifier Timestamp  • DEP Datum  • DEP Method  • DEP Source Map  • Object of Interest  • Proximity to Object Identifier  • NHD Reach Code  • NHD Reach Code Date  • County  • WBID  • DEP District  • Water Management District  • Basin  • Planning Unit  • HUC 8  • HUC 12  • Basin Group  • State  • Land Surface Elevation Value (ft)  • Land Surface Elevation Datum  • Land Surface Elevation Method  • Additional Contact Information  • Additional Owner Information  • Calculated Spring Magnitude  • Historic Spring Magnitude  • Monitoring Location Comment  • Monitoring Location Description"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Mon Loc Detail"|"Monitoring Location Detail, Location Data"|"1"|"UC-41"
"128"|"MONITORING LOCATION DETAIL ACTIONS:  • Edit - You will use this option to send the selected record(s) back to Staging for editing.  The selected record(s) and Activities will be moved to Staging.  • Anomalies - Enabled (yellow exclamation mark in a circle) if the Monitoring Location has one or more anomalies associated with it.   You will use this option to view the associated Anomalies.  • History - You will use this option to view Monitoring Location history records.     • Add Anomaly - Enabled (green exclamation mark in a circle) if the Monitoring Location record is not Locked.  You will use this option to initiate the creation of a new anomaly.  • Delete - Enabled if there are no Activity records associated with the Monitoring Location and the record is not Locked.  You will use this option to delete the Monitoring Location record, create a history record and delete any related Anomaly records and be transferred to the Monitoring Locations List screen.  If the record was a GW Monitoring Location, a Well History record will also be created.  • Map Monitoring Locations - You will use this option to go to the Map Monitoring Location screen with the Monitoring Location mapped.  • List Activities by Monitoring Location - You will use this option to be taken back to the Monitoring Locations List screen (if you came from the list screen)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Mon Loc Detail"|"Monitoring Location Detail, Location Data"|"2"|"UC-41"
"129"|"Monitoring Location Detail - Well Data    This screen is used to view, edit or delete Wells.    MONITORING LOCATION DETAIL FIELDS:  • Organization ID  • Org Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name    WELL DATA FIELDS:  • Florida Unique ID  • Well Type  • Well Status  • Aquifer Confinement  • Well Total Depth (ft)  • Well Casing Depth (ft)  • Well Screen Open Hole Begin Depth (ft)  • Well Screen Open Hole End Depth (ft)  • Well Construction Method  • Well Construction Method Explanation  • Well Drill Date  • Well Finish  • Well Casing Material  • Well Casing Diameter (in)  • Well Screen Material - SVL  • Well Screen Diameter (in)  • Well Lead Weight  • Well Water Level Record Indicator  • Well Log Type  • Primary Elevation Value (ft)  • Primary Elevation Reference  • Primary Elevation Method  • Primary Elevation Datum  • Secondary Elevation Value (ft)  • Secondary Elevation Reference  • Secondary Elevation Method  • Secondary Elevation Datum  • Top of Aquifer  • Bottom of Aquifer    WELL DATA ACTIONS:  •  Edit - You will use this option to send the selected record(s) back to Staging for editing.  The selected record(s) and Activities will be moved to Staging.  •  Anomaly Identifier - Enabled (yellow exclamation mark in a circle) if the Well has one or more anomalies associated with it.   You will use this option to view the associated Anomalies.  •  History - You will use this option to view Well history records.  •  Add Anomaly - Enabled (green exclamation mark in a circle) if the Monitoring Location record is not Locked.  You will use this option to initiate the creation of a new anomaly.  •  Delete - You will use this option to delete the Well record, create a history record and delete any related Anomaly records."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Mon Loc Detail"|"Monitoring Location Detail, Well Data"|"1"|"UC-42"
"130"|"N/A"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Map Monitoring Locations"|"Map Monitoring Locations"|"1"|"UC-43"
"131"|"Activity List    This screen is used to view, update or delete a Activity record.     ACTIVITY LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select this Page - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Edit Selected Records”  or the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.  The checkbox will be disabled for records with the Locked Ind set to “Y”.   • Activity ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Activity Detail screen.  • Org ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Organization List and Detail screen with this Organization highlighted.  • Mon Loc ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Monitoring Location Detail screen.  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • Depth in Feet (will display fields Activity Depth, Activity Top Depth and Activity Bottom Depth with a “/” between each)  •  Sampling Agency Name    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on of how many pages exist (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records and the number that are locked for editing (example - 1 - 100 of 253 Activities 3 locked for Editing).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page.       ACTIVITY LIST ACTIONS:   •  Edit Selected Records - You will use this after you have checked at least one Activity (all selected Activities must be for the same Organization) to send the selected records back to Staging for editing.  •  Export Selected Records - You will use this after you have checked at least one Activity to Export the selected records.  The system will calculate the number of records that will be exported.  If over the limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed telling you that the report will be run after hours and you will receive an email when completed instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If below the limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report will be delivered to you as a pipe (|) delimited txt file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity List"|"Activity List"|"1"|"UC-45"
"132"|"Activity Detail - Activity    This screen is used to view, edit or delete Activity records.    ACTIVITY DETAIL FIELDS:  • Organization ID  • Organization Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Activity ID    ACTIVITY TAB:  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity End Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity Time Zone  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • Sampling Agency Name  • Sample Collection Equipment Name  • Activity Depth  • Activity Depth Unit  • Activity Top Depth  • Activity Bottom Depth  • Activity Top Bottom Depth Unit  • Relative Depth  • Total Depth  • Total Depth Unit  • Activity Representative Indicator  • Activity Comments  • Sampler Name  • Field Blank Batch ID  • Equipment Blank Batch ID  • Trip Blank Batch ID  • Master Activity ID  •  Back to Activity List - You will use this to be taken back to the Activity List screen (this is only displayed if you came from the Activity List screen).    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on of how many pages exist (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records (example - 1 - 100 of 253).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Activity"|"1"|"UC-45a"
"133"|"ACTIVITY DETAIL ACTIONS:  •  Edit - You will use this option to send the record back to Staging for editing.    •  Anomaly Identifier - Enabled (yellow exclamation mark in a circle) if the Activity has one or more anomalies associated with it.   You will use this option to view the associated Anomalies.  •  History - You will use this option to view the Activity history records.  •  Add Anomaly - Enabled (green exclamation mark in a circle) if the Activity record is not Locked.  You will use this option to initiate the creation of a new anomaly.  •  Delete - You will use this option to delete the Activity record, create a history record and delete any related records (Results, Anomalies, Audits) and will be transferred to the Activity List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Activity"|"2"|"UC-45a"
"134"|"Activity Detail - Results    This tab is used to select Result records to view, edit, or delete.    RESULTS DETAIL FIELDS:  The data in this section is not directly updateable.  • Select All checkbox - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Edit Selected Records” or the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.  The checkbox will be disabled for records with the Locked Ind set to “Y”.    • DEP Result ID  • ORG Result ID  • DEP Analyte Name   • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Unit  • DEP Result Value   • DEP Result Unit   • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Lab ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"21-JUL-2020 11:01:41"|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Results"|"1"|"UC-45b"
"135"|"RESULTS DETAIL ACTIONS:  • Add New Result - You will use this to initiate the Add a new Results record for the activity and be taken to the “Edit Staged Data - Activities/Results” screen to enter the data for the new Results record.  • Edit Selected Records - You will use this option to send the selected record(s) to Staging for editing.    • Anomaly Identifier - Enabled (yellow exclamation mark in a circle) if the Result has one or more anomalies associated with it.   You will use this option to view the associated Anomalies.  • History - You will use this option to view the current and history records for the Result.     • Add Anomaly - Enabled (green exclamation mark in a circle) if the Result record is not Locked.  You will use this option to initiate the creation of a new anomaly.  • Delete Selected Records - You will use this to delete the selected Result records and create History records.  Note:  You cannot delete the last Results record for the Activity.  • Export Selected Records - You will use this after you have checked at least one Results record to Export the selected records.  You will be asked for the Export File Path and Name where the exported pipe (|) delimited Report (.txt output) file will be saved. The ability to browse to the correct folder will be available by clicking the folder icon to the right of the Export File Path text box.  Once the path is entered the system displays the default name “WIN_ Export_userid_YYYYMMDD_Results.txt” and you can change the name if desired.  The fields exported will be the same for active and Deleted Results and will be based upon the Activity Type of the Activity."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Results"|"2"|"UC-45b"
"136"|"Activity Detail - Associated Projects    This tab is used to view associated Projects and link or unlink projects to the Activity.    ASSOCIATED PROJECTS FIELDS:  The data in this section is not directly updateable.    You can sort the records by using the up / down arrows next to the column headings to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Unlink - Enabled if the Activity is not Locked.  If only one Project is linked, you cannot unlink it.  You use this to unlink the Project from the Activity.    • Project ID - If you click the hyperlink, you will be taken to the Project List and Detail screen showing the project.  • Project Name  • Project Description  • Back to Activity List button - You will use this to be returned to the “Activity List” screen.  This is only enabled if you came from the Activity List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Associated Projects"|"1"|"UC-45c"
"137"|"Activity Detail - Show Other Projects for Org - Hide Other Projects for Org     This section of the Associated Projects tab is used to link additional Projects associated with the Organization to the Activity.  The Other Projects grid is displayed and hidden by clicking on the Show Other Projects for Org and Hide Other Projects for Org buttons respectively.     OTHER PROJECTS FIELDS:   The data in this section is not directly updateable.     You can sort the records by using the up / down arrows next to the column headings to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    •  Link - You use this to link the Project to the Activity.     •  Project ID - If you click the hyperlink, you will be taken to the Project List and Detail screen showing the project detail information.   •  Project Name   •  Project Description   •  Count of the Unlinked Projects which are active for the Organization in shown in the header that can be associated to the Activity."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Show Other Projects for Org"|"1"|"UC-45c"
"138"|"Activity Detail - Associated QC Activities    This tab is used to view or edit Field QC Activities (i.e., Field Blank, Equipment Blank, Trip Blank, Field Replicate) associated with the Activity.    ASSOCIATED QC ACTIVITIES FIELDS:  You can sort the data display by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down on the data field header at the top of the row.  The data in this section is not directly updateable.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select All checkbox - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Edit Selected Records” or the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.  The checkbox will be disabled for records with the Locked Ind set to “Y”.    • Activity ID - If you click the hyperlink, you will be taken to the Activity Detail - Activity screen showing the activity.  • Mon Loc ID - If you click the hyperlink, you will be taken to the Monitoring Location Detail screen showing the monitoring location.  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Sample Collection Type  • Sampling Collection Equipment Name  • Count of the Associated Activity records displayed along with the number of Associated Activity records that are locked for editing."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ZIMMERMAN_JM"|"11-SEP-2023 12:25:29"|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Associated QC Activities"|"1"|"UC-45d"
"139"|"ASSOCIATED QC ACTIVITY ACTIONS:  • Edit Activity & Selected Records - Enabled by your role and the Associated Activity record cannot be Locked for editing.  If you click this option, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm that you want to send the selected record(s) back to Staging for editing.  If you confirm, the selected record(s) will be moved to Staging with the Purge Date set,  the Locked indicator will be set to “Y”, and the Edit Staged Data - Activities/Results screen will be displayed for you to edit the activity record(s).  • Back to Activity List - If you came to the Activity Detail screen from the Activity List screen, this will be enabled and clicking this will return you to the Activity List screen.  • Export Activity & Selected Records - Enabled by your role.  You must check at least one record before clicking on this option. You will get your exported data based upon the number of records being pulled.  If the number of records to be pulled is below the Lower Limit a message will be displayed asking for the Export File Path and Name where the exported pipe (|) delimited  Report (.txt output) file will be saved. The ability to browse to the correct folder will be available by clicking the folder icon to the right of the Export File Path text box.  Once the path is entered the system displays the default name “WIN_ Export_userid_YYYYMMDD_MonitoringLocations.txt” and you can change the name if desired.  If the number of records to be pulled is above the Lower Limit and below the Upper Limit a message will be displayed asking if you want to proceed with the large report.  If you proceed the export will run in batch at night and an email will be sent with an FTP link to retrieve the report.  If the number of records to pull is greater than the Upper Limit the export will not be allowed and you will be asked to refine your search to limit the number of records pulled.  The following fields will be pulled:  • Action Type  • Org ID  • Project ID  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Activity ID  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity End Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity Time Zone  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • Sampling Agency Name  • Sample Collect Equipment Name  • Activity Depth  • Activity Depth Unit  • Activity Top Depth  • Activity Bottom Depth  • Activity Top Bottom Depth Unit  • Relative Depth  • Total Depth  • Total Depth Unit  • Activity Representative Ind  • Activity Comments  • Sampler Name  • Field Blank Batch ID  • Equipment Blank Batch ID  • Trip Blank Batch ID  • Master Activity ID"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Activity Detail"|"Activity Detail - Associated QC Activities"|"2"|"UC-45d"
"140"|"Result List    This screen is used to view, export and initiate editing of Results when authorized.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.    RESULTS LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the data by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down on the data field header at the top of the row.  The default sort order is:  Activity ID, Activity Start Date, Monitoring Location ID and ADaPT Analyte ID.     You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select this Page - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Edit Selected Records”, or the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.  The checkbox will be disabled for records with the Locked Ind set to “Y”.   • Result ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Activity Detail - Results screen.  • Native PK  • Activity ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Activity Detail screen.  • Org ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Organization List and Detail screen.  • Mon Loc ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Monitoring Location Detail and Location Data.  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • DEP Analyte Name  • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Value Unit  • DEP Result Value Number   • DEP Result Unit  • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Lab ID    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on of how many pages exist (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records and the number that are locked for editing (example - 1 - 100 of 253 Results 3 locked for Editing).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Result List"|"Result List"|"1"|"UC-46"
"141"|"RESULTS LIST ACTIONS:   • Edit Selected Records - Enabled by your role.  You must check at least one Results record before clicking on this option.  If you click this option, a message will be displayed asking you to confirm that you want to send the selected records back to Staging for editing.  If you confirm, the selected records will be moved to Staging in a new dataset with the Purge Date set to system date plus “Edit Days to Purge”, the Locked indicator set to “Y”, the system action indicator is set to “U” (update), the and the Edit Staged Data - Activities/Results screen will be displayed for you to edit the records.  Note:  All records that were selected for this action must be for the same organization or a message will be displayed asking you to refine your selection.  • Export Selected Records - Enabled by your role.  You must check at least one Results record before clicking on this option. The system will calculate the number of records that will be exported.  If over the limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed telling you that the report will be run after hours and you will receive an email when completed instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If below the limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report will be delivered to you as a pipe (|) delimited txt file.  The following fields will be exported:  • Action Type  • Org ID  • Project ID - The system will concatenate the multiple Project Ids together with a ‘\‘(backward slash.  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Activity ID  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)   • Activity End Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity Time Zone  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • Sampling Agency Name  • Sample Collection Equipment Name  • Activity Depth  • Activity Depth Unit  • Activity Top Depth  • Activity Bottom Depth  • Activity Top Bottom Depth Unit  • Relative Depth  • Total Depth  • Total Depth Unit  • Activity Representative Indicator  • Activity Comments  • Sampler Name  • Field Blank Batch ID   • Equipment Blank Batch ID   • Trip Blank Batch ID  • Master Activity ID  • DEP Result ID  • Org Result ID  • DEP Analyte Group  • DEP Analyte Name  • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Analyte Name  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Unit  • Org MDL  • Org PQL  • Org Detection Unit  • DEP Result Value Number  • DEP Result Unit  • DEP MDL  • DEP PQL  • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Prep Method  • Preparation Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Preparation Time Zone  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Analysis Time Zone  • Lab ID  • Lab Accreditation Authority  • Result Comments  • Receipt Comments  • Lab Sample ID  • Method Batch ID  • Analytical Batch ID  • Dilution  • Percent Moisture  • Percent Recovery  • Relative Percent Difference  • Error  • Target Species  • Finfish Size  • Finfish Size Unit"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Result List"|"Result List"|"2"|"UC-46"
"142"|"Result Detail    This screen is used to view, update, delete or add a Result record.      RESULT DETAIL FIELDS:  Header Fields:  • Organization ID  • Organization Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Activity ID  • Activity Type    Result Fields:  • Import File ID • DEP Result ID  • Org Result ID  • DEP Analyte Name  • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Analyte Name  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Unit  • Org MDL  • Org PQL  • Org Detection Unit  • DEP Result Value Number  • DEP Result Unit  • DEP MDL  • DEP PQL  • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Prep Method  • Preparation Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Preparation Time Zone  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Analysis Time Zone  • Lab ID  • Lab Accreditation Authority  • Result Comments  • Receipt Comments  • Lab Sample ID  • Method Batch ID  • Analytical Batch ID  • Dilution  • Percent Moisture  • Percent Recovery  • Relative Percent Difference  • Error  • Target Species  • Finfish Size  • Finfish Size Unit  • Result Value Type Name  • Statistical Base  • Created By • Created Date • Modified By • Modified Date • Back to Result List- If you click this you will be taken back to the Result List screen (this is only displayed if you came from the Result List screen)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"21-JUL-2020 11:11:44"|"Result Detail"|"Result Detail"|"1"|"UC-46a"
"143"|"RESULT DETAIL ACTIONS:  • Edit - You will use this option to send the selected record(s) back to Staging for editing.  The selected record(s) and Activities will be moved to Staging.  • Add New Result - You will use this option to add a new Result record.  • Anomalies - Enabled (yellow exclamation mark in a circle) if the Result has one or more anomalies associated with it.   You will use this option to view the associated Anomalies.  • History - Enabled if any history records exist for this result.  You will use this option to display the current and history records for the Result.  Fields listed will be History Action, Import File ID, Activity ID, DEP Analyte Name, Org Analyte Name, Org Result Value, Org Result Unit, Org MDL, Org PQL, Org Detection Unit, DEP Result Value Number, DEP Result Unit, Value Qualifier, Sample Fraction, Lab ID, Lab Accreditation Authority, Dilution, Target Species, Finfish Size, Finfish Size Unit, Created Date, Created by Username, Modified Date, and Modified by Username.  Click Close to close the window.   • Audit Identifier - Enabled (blue flag) if the Result has one or more audits associated with it.  You will use this option to view the associated Audits.  • Add Anomaly - Enabled (green exclamation mark in a circle) if the Result record is not Locked.  You will use this option to initiate the creation of a new anomaly.  • Delete - Enabled if the Result record is not Locked.  You will use this option to delete the Result record, create a history record and delete and related records (Anomalies, Audits) and be transferred to the Result List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"12-MAR-2019 13:15:32"|"Result Detail"|"Result Detail"|"2"|"UC-46a"
"144"|"Manage Adv Code Tables - Advanced Code Rule Details - Approved Variable Combination Grid    This screen is used to view, add or discontinue Approved Variable Combinations for the advanced business rule selected.    ADVANCED CODE RULES SECTION:  Displays the Advanced Business Rule information.  The data in this section cannot be updated.  • ID  • Rule Name  • Rule Description  • Variable Combination?  • Begin date  • End Date  • Back to Adv Rule List - Click this button to return to the Advanced Code Rules - Applicable Advanced Business Rules list screen.  • Manage in Grid Format - Click this button to return to the grid format.    APPROVED VARIABLE COMBINATIONS GRID FIELDS:  You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select - A radio button used to select the variable combination to Discontinue.  • The remaining fields are dependent on the variables for the rule selected.  • Add button - Used to manually enter a new unique variable combination.  • Discontinue button - Used to discontinue the selected variable combination.  • Save button - Displayed after the Add or Discontinue button is selected to save the changes from the Add or Discontinue function.  • Cancel button - Displayed after the Add or Discontinue button is selected to cancel the Add or Discontinue function.  • Manage in Variable Format button - Click if you want to go to the Variable Format screen to select values and have the system generate all combinations based upon the selected variables.    TO ADD A NEW UNIQUE VARIABLE COMBINATION:  • Click on the Add button.  • The Screen Mode will change to Add, the Add and Discontinue buttons will be hidden and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • The text box line below the headings will contain a text box for each variable and the Begin Date defaulted to the current date.    • Enter a unique combination of the variables and alter the Begin date if needed to a date greater than or equal to the current date.  • Click on the Save button and OK the message to save the entered variable combination.  • If the variable combination entered is not unique, the system will display a message informing you it must be unique.  • If you decide to not save the entered variable combination, click on the Cancel button and OK the message to cancel the addition of the variable combination.    TO DISCONTINUE A VARIABLE COMBINATION:  • Check the radio button for the Variable Combination you wish to discontinue and click on the Discontinue button.  • The Screen Mode will change to Discontinue, the Add and Discontinue buttons will be hidden and the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • The text box line below the headings will contain a text box for End Date field.  • Enter a valid date that is greater than or equal to the current date and the Begin Date.  • Click on the Save button and OK the message to discontinue the variable combination.  • If you decide to not discontinue the variable combination, click on the Cancel button and OK the message to cancel the discontinuation of the variable combination."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Adv Rule Details"|"Advanced Code Rule Details"|"1"|"UC-47"
"145"|"Manage Adv Code Tables - Advanced Code Rule Variable Format    This screen is used to select variables to be used to generate variable combinations.    ADVANCED CODE RULE VARIABLE FORMAT SECTION:  Displays the Advanced Business Rule information.  The data in this section cannot be updated.  • ID  • Rule Name  • Rule Description  • Variable Combination?  • Begin date  • End Date  • Back to Adv Rule List - Click this button to return to the Advanced Code Rules - Applicable Advanced Business Rules list screen.  • Manage in Grid Format - Click this button to return to the grid format.    VARIABLE SELECTION FIELDS / BUTTONS:  You can sort most lists by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.  • Click on the > next to the variable name and all available values will be displayed in the grid below.  Once clicked the > changed to v so that you can click on it to collapse the list if desired.  • Each drop down list will have a checkbox next to the header that when checked will check all records in the list.  If not all records are wanted, each record will have a checkbox to select individual records.  • The first variable listed will be the one associated with the code table in focus when the Adv Rule option was selected.     • All subsequent variables will be dependent on the rule.  • Only Active values will be listed.  • There will be a subset of variables that will always be used in combination with a group (E.g. DEP Analyte Group and DEP Primary Analyte Name) to allow for assignment of a relationship to all or some values within the group classification.  • Each Variable list will have a count at the top to show the number of variables selected.  • Generate Variables button - When clicked, will take you to the Variable Combinations to be Generated screen listing all combinations that will be generated."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Gen Adv Rule Comb"|"Advanced Code Rule Variable Format"|"1"|"UC-47"
"146"|"Manage Adv Code Tables - Applicable Advanced Business Rules    This screen is used to view all of the advanced business rules associated with a selected Code Table.    ADVANCED CODE RULES SECTION:  Displays the code table the Advanced Business Rule information is associated with.  The data in this section cannot be updated.    APPLICABLE ADVANCED BUSINESS RULES FIELDS:  You can sort the list on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the column to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • ID - If the Variable Combinations? field is Y, this is displayed as a hyperlink to take you to the Advanced Code Rule Details - Approved Variable Combination Grid screen.  • Rule Name - If you click in the field, a popup window will display the whole Rule Name.  • Rule Description - If you click in the field, a popup window will display the whole Rule Description.  • Variable Combination?  • Begin date  • End Date  • A count of the number of rules displayed is located below the grid.    ADVANCED CODE RULE DETAILS BUTTONS / ACTIONS:  • Back to Code Tables - Click this button to return to the Code Table List screen.    TO DISPLAY AND MAINTAIN APPROVED VARIABLE COMBINATIONS:  • Click on the ID hyperlink for the Rule you wish to view / update the variable combinations."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Adv Rule List"|"Applicable Advanced Business Rules"|"1"|"UC-47"
"147"|"Manage Adv Code Tables - Advanced Code Rule Variable Format - Variable Combinations to be Generated    This screen is used to view and save the Variable Combinations that were generated when you clicked on Generate Variables based upon the variables selected on the Variable Selection screen.      ADVANCED CODE RULE VARIABLE FORMAT SECTION:  Displays the Advanced Business Rule information.  The data in this section cannot be updated.  • ID  • Rule Name  • Rule Description  • Variable Combination?  • Begin date  • End Date  • Back to Adv Rule List - Click this button to return to the Advanced Code Rules - Applicable Advanced Business Rules list screen.  • Manage in Grid Format - Click this button to return to the grid format.    VARIABLE COMBINATIONS TO BE GENERATED SECTION:  This section will list all variable combinations that were generated that are not duplicates of existing variable combinations.  • Save button - If you want to save the generated variable combinations, click on the Save button and OK the message.  • Cancel button - If you decide not to save the generated variable combinations, click on the Cancel button and OK the message.   • Count - Below the list is a count of the variable combinations that were generated."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Gen Adv Rule Comb"|"Variable Combinations to be Generated"|"1"|"UC-47"
"148"|"TOTALS The last row of the display will contain totals for each of the counts.    TO PRINT THE LOAD REPORT  Click on the Print button and select the OK option on the confirmation message that is displayed.  Select the Cancel option if you do not want to print.    TO EXPORT THE LOAD REPORT  Click on the Export button.  The system will calculate the number of records that will be exported.  If over the limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed telling you that the report will be run after hours and you will receive an email when completed instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If below the limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report will be delivered to you as a pipe (|) delimited txt file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"08-MAR-2019 15:48:46"|"Load Report"|"Load Report"|"2"|"UC-26"
"149"|"On Screen Report    This screen is used to display the On Screen Report in a new window.    GLOSSARY:  This icon is displayed at the top right portion of the screen.  When clicked, a pdf version of the Glossary of Terms used within WIN will be displayed in a popup window.    ON SCREEN REPORT:  • The default fields for the selected report (Organization and Contacts, Projects, Monitoring Locations or Samples) will be displayed in the report.  • Vertical and Horizontal scroll bars will be displayed if there are more columns / records displayed than can be seen without scrolling.  • If more records are pulled than can fit on a page, the system will provide pagination to allow you to page through the complete report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 09:42:19"|"On Screen Report"|"Details"|"1"|"UC-51"
"150"|"WAVES Output Options Screen     This screen is used to select the report options for the report you are wanting to run.    GLOSSARY:  This icon is displayed at the top right portion of the screen.  When clicked, a pdf version of the Glossary of Terms used within WIN will be displayed in a popup window.    BACK BUTTON (located in the lower left side of the screen):  Will take you back to the screen you came from.    First you must select the type of report:  • Extraction     o Always selectable     o If the number of records in the report is greater than the Warehouse Lower Limit, this will be the defaulted option.  • On Screen Report     o If the number of records in the report is less than or equal to the Warehouse Lower Limit, this will be the defaulted option.     o Only selectable if the number of records in report is less than or equal to the Warehouse Lower Limit.    ON SCREEN REPORT:  • With this option you cannot select which fields to display.  Each of the reports (Organization and Contacts, Projects, Monitoring Locations and Samples) has a default set of fields to display for that report and the default fields will be checked and highlighted and you cannot check or uncheck any of the fields.  • The All Fields checkboxes are disabled under this option.  • The On Screen Report Display Order section is displayed.  You can choose up to 4 fields to order the display of your report by and select whether to order it in Ascending or Descending order.  Each report type has default display order fields that will be pre populated.  You can change the defaulted fields to another by selecting a different field in the drop down list if desired.  • Action Buttons:     o Show Report - Will run the report and not save your selections.     o Show Report & Save As - Will save your selections and then run the report.     o Show Report & Save - Only displayed if the report is a Saved WAVES and if selected will save changes and then run the report.  • You select the Show Report option you want and will be taken to the On Screen Report screen.    EXTRACTION:  • With this option you can select which fields will be extracted.  All of the Reports allow the All Fields option, which will check all fields for the report.  The reports also have a checkbox for each section of fields which will check all fields in that section when checked.  Clicking on the All Fields checkboxes again will cause all fields to be unchecked.  You can check as many or as few fields as required, at least 1 field must be selected.  • Clear All option is available when Extraction is selected.  When clicked, it will clear all fields that have been checked.  • Action Buttons:     o Extract Report - Will run the extraction and not save your selections.     o Extract Report & Save As - Will save your selections and then run the extraction.     o Extract Report & Save - Only displayed if the report is a Saved WAVES and if selected will save changes and then run the extraction.  • After selecting the Extract option for your report, the system will ask for your email address and send you an email when the extraction is completed and inform you how to retreive it."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Output Options"|"Details"|"1"|"UC-51"
"151"|"WAVES - WIN Advanced View & Extraction System    This screen is used to enter filtering parameters into each category based on the specific focus area to filter the WIN Warehouse reports.  The screen is designed as an Advanced Data Search Tree which offers advanced search filtering categories to further refine search parameters across one or more categories when needed.     FILTER CATEGORIES:  • Organization & Contact  • Project  • Monitoring Location  • Activity & Result    TO ENTER FILTERS:  • Open a category by clicking on the “>” icon.  Close the Category by clicking on the “v” icon.  • Wildcards can be used on either side of the string entered to limit the values to those that match.    • Dropdown lists will include only distinct standard values.  • Some fields allow for muti-select, where more than one value can be selected (highlight value and click on Add).  You can highlight a selected value and click on Remove to unselect it.  • If an Organization ID - Name is selected, the other categories will be limited by the selected organization(s).  • Once a Category is opened, the Run Report for that category is displayed and any Run Report for a category above the newly opened category will be hidden.  • If you enter any filter parameters for the category and then close the category, the system will display a message warning you that your parameters will be lost and give you the options, Clear & Close the category and remove your parameters or Cancel, which will not close the category .    ACTION BUTTONS:  • Clear All - Will close all categories and remove all filters entered.  • Glossary - Will display a pdf version of the terms used in the WIN system.  • Save (WAVE-ID = nnn) - If a saved WAVES is run, this is available to save any changes made to the saved WAVES.  • Save As - Available based upon your role to allow you to save your filter parameters to run the report again in the future.  When selected, a popup window will be displayed to capture additional information needed to save the WAVES.    SAVING WAVES:  • If you are signed on as a WIN user, you will be able to save the filters to run again in the future as a Saved WAVES.  The number of WAVES each user can save is stored in a variable and can be changed by the WIN Administrator.    RUNNING THE REPORT:  The WIN system displays and enforces limits on the number of records that can be displayed for the following:   • On Screen Report - Display of the results on the screen.  • Immediate Extraction - Will queue the extraction to run and will notify you via email when the extraction is complete.  • Overnight Extraction - Will queue the extraction to run that evening and notify you via email when the extraction is complete.  Weekend Extraction - Will queue the extraction to run on the upcoming weekend and notify you via email when the extraction is complete."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 09:54:31"|"WAVES"|"WAVES - WIN Advanced View & Extraction System"|"1"|"UC-50"
"152"|"WAVES - WIN Advanced View & Extraction System - Organization and Contact    This category is used to enter filters to limit the report by Organization and Contact data.    ORGANIZATION AND CONTACT FILTER FIELDS and ACTION BUTTONS:  If one or more Organization ID/Names are selected, the remaining filter fields in this category will be limited by the selected organizations.  • Organization ID/Name - Multi-select drop down list.    • Organization Type - Single select drop down list.  • Contact Name - Single select field of all contacts with a roll of DPA displayed as First Name Last Name.  • Coordination Area - Single select drop down list.  • Run Organization Report - when clicked will take you to the Organization Detail Output Options screen to select how you want to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 09:58:00"|"waves"|"Organization and Contact"|"1"|"UC-50"
"153"|"WAVES - WIN Advanced View & Extraction System - Project    This category is used to enter filters to limit the report by Project data.    PROJECT FILTER FIELDS and ACTION BUTTONS:  • Project ID/Name - Multi-select drop down list.  All projects listed will have at least one Project Intended Use.    • Project Intended Use - Multi-select drop down list.   • Project Start Date From & Project Start Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • Run Project Report - when clicked will take you to the Project Detail Output Options screen to select how you want to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 10:01:03"|"waves"|"Project"|"1"|"UC-50"
"154"|"WAVES - WIN Advanced View & Extraction System - Monitoring Location    This category is used to enter filters to limit the report by Monitoring Location data.    MONITORING LOCATION FILTER FIELDS and ACTION BUTTONS:  • Monitoring Location ID/Name - Multi-select drop down list.      • County - Multi-select drop down list.   • Primary Type - Multi-select drop down list.   • Secondary Type - Multi-select drop down list.   Limited by the Primary Type if any are selected.  • HUC12 Name - Single-select drop down list.  • WBID - Multi-select drop down list.  • Well Type - Single-select drop down list.  Disabled if Primary Type other than Ground Water is selected.  • Aquifer Confinement - Single-select drop down list.  Disabled if Primary Type other than Ground Water is selected.  • Well Total Depth (ft) From & Well Total Depth (ft) To - Disabled if Primary Type other than Ground Water is selected.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the From depth must be larger than the To depth.  • Location Radius Search - If entered, all three fields need to be entered.  Will identify all monitoring locations that are within the radius of the Lat/Long point.  Note:  The ranges include a 50 mile radius into South Georgia and East Alabama.    o DEP Latitude - Allowed value range 24.0 to 31.0    o DEP Longitude - Allowed value range 80.0 to -88.0    o Radius - Allowed value range 0.001 to 50.000 (miles).  Additional Filters  • ML Loaded Date From & ML Loaded Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • ML Updated Date From & ML Updated Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • Additional List Filter Option 1 & Additional List Filter Option 2- Two additional filter fields where you can select the field to filter by within the first drop down list, and then select a value from the second drop down list.  The following are the ML Additional List fields you can choose from:     o Basin     o Basin Group     o DEP District     o DEP Point Moved     o HUC8 Name     o NHD Reach Code     o Planning Unit     o Water Level Recorder Indicator     o Water Management District     o Waterbody Class     o Waterbody Name     o Waterbody Type     o Well Lead Weight  • Additional Value Filter - An additional filter field where you can select the field to filter by within the first drop down list and then enter a value in the second field.    The following are the ML Additional Value fields you can choose from:     o FL Unique Well ID     o STORET Monitoring Location ID  • Run Monitoring Location Report - when clicked will take you to the Monitoring Location Detail Output Options screen to select how you want to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 10:06:55"|"waves"|"Monitoring Location (ML)"|"1"|"UC-50"
"155"|"WAVES - WIN Advanced View & Extraction System - Activity and Result    This category is used to enter filters to limit the report by Activity and Result data.    ACTIVITY AND RESULT FILTER FIELDS and ACTION BUTTONS:  • Activity Type - Multi-select drop down list.  • Media - Single-select drop down list.  • Matrix - Multi-select drop down list.  • Activity Start Date From & Activity Start Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or greater than the From date.  • DEP Analyte Group - Multi-select drop down list.  • DEP Analyte Name - Unit - Multi-select drop down list.  • Analysis Method - Multi-select drop down list.  • ADaPT Analyte ID - Single-select drop down list.  • Value Qualifier - Enterable field.  Recommended to use the wildcard (%) for this field.  See examples below.     o If only Q is entered, will get all activities where the Value Qualifier only contains a Q.     o If a wildcard is placed on each side of the value entered, %Q%, will get all activities where the Value Qualifier containing a Q.       o If %Q is entered, will get all activities where the Value Qualifier ends with a Q.     o If Q% is entered, will get all activities where the Value Qualifier begins with a Q.  • DEP Result Value From & DEP Result Value To - Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To value must be greater than the From value.  Additional Filters  • Include Associated Field QC Data - Checkbox.  Only available when 5 or fewer Organizations are selected.   • Activity Loaded Date From & Activity Loaded Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • Activity Updated Date From & Activity Updated Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • Result Loaded Date From & Result Loaded Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • Result Updated Date From & Result Updated Date To - Format MM/DD/YYYY.  Allows entry or selection of a date from calendar.  Both are not required.  If both are entered, the To date must be equal to or later than the From date.  • Additional List Filter Option 1 & Additional List Filter Option 2 - Two additional filter fields where you can select the field to filter by in the first drop down list and then select a value from the second drop down list.    The following are the Activity / Result Additional List fields you can choose from:     o Activity Representative Indicator     o Lab ID - Name     o Month     o Prep Method     o Sample Collection Type     o Sample Fraction     o Sampled Month     o Sampling Agency Name • Additional Value Filter - An additional filter field where you can select the field to filter by in the first drop down list and then enter a value in the second field.    The following are the Activity / Result Additional Value fields you can choose from:     o Activity ID     o Analytical Batch ID     o DEP Result ID     o Equipment Blank Batch ID     o Field Blank Batch ID     o Lab Sample ID     o Master Activity ID     o Method Batch ID     o Org Result ID     o Trip Blank Batch ID  • Run Samples Report - when clicked will take you to the Sample Detail Output Options screen to select how you want to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"13-MAR-2019 10:30:12"|"Waves"|"Activity and Result"|"1"|"UC-50"
"156"|"Saved WAVES     This screen is used to list all of your saved WAVE queries which you can edit, delete and run.  The list of available WAVES will also show Public WAVE queries and saved WAVE queries by other users for the organization(s) you are associated.      GLOSSARY:  This icon is displayed at the top right portion of the screen.  When clicked, a pdf version of the Glossary of Terms used within WIN will be displayed in a popup window.    Choose a Saved WAVE to run, edit or delete grid:  A message is displayed above the gird informing you how long a WAVE will be kept if not executed.  If the WAVE is not run by this time, the system will purge the WAVES query from the system.  A message is displayed below the grid informing you of how many Saved WAVES you have and how many you can have.  If you are at your limit, you will need to delete an existing saved WAVE query before being able to create a new one.  • Public - Yes / No fields indicating if the WAVE is a public WAVES.  • Org ID - Of the user who created the WAVE.  • User ID - Of the user who created the WAVE.  • Name - Of the WAVE.  • Description - Description written by the creator of the WAVE to describe what the WAVE queries.  • Last Executed Date - Date the WAVE was last executed.  • Last Updated Date - Date the WAVE was last updated.  • WAVE ID - Unique ID assigned to the WAVE by the system when originally saved.  • Actions - Each action button is displayed based upon your permissions for the WAVE.     o Retrieve / Run - Displayed for all WAVE queries listed.     o Edit - Only displayed if you created the WAVE or if it is a Public WAVE and you have the WA role.     o Delete - Only displayed if you created the WAVE or if it is a Public WAVE and you have the WA role.  • Count- The number of WAVE records listed.    RETRIEVE / RUN:    When this option is selected, you will be taken to the WAVE screen displaying all of your saved filters and the appropriate Run Report option.    EDIT:  When this option is selected, the WAVE Detail screen will be displayed for you to edit the detail information of the WAVE.     DELETE:  When clicked, you will be asked to verify your request to delete the WAVES, and if confirmed, will remove the WAVES from the system."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 10:16:22"|"Saved WAVES"|"Saved WAVES"|"1"|"UC-52"
"157"|"WAVE Detail     This screen is used to save a new WAVE from the WAVE screen (whether a new WAVE or doing a Save As to an existing WAVE) or when Edit is selected from the Saved WAVES screen.    GLOSSARY:  This icon is displayed at the top right portion of the screen.  When clicked, a pdf version of the Glossary of Terms used within WIN will be displayed in a popup window.    WAVE DETAIL SCREEN: Displayed in a popup window over the Saved WAVES screen or over the Detail Output Options screen when creating a new WAVE.  • Action Buttons     o Save - When clicked, will validate and save the information entered / updated.     o Cancel - When clicked, will remove all changes that have been made.  • Fields     o User Organization - Drop down list of all organizations you are associated with.     o User Email Address - Required. Drop down list of all of your email addresses for you to select one.     o WAVE Name - Required.  Must be unique within your WAVES.     o Description - You can enter up to 255 characters to describe what the saved WAVE does.     o Public - Only updateable by a user with the WA role.  Defaults to No.     o WAVE ID - Not Updateable.  Created by the system to assign a unique ID to the WAVE.     o Created By - Not Updateable.  Updated by system to show who created this WAVE.     o Created Date - Not Updateable.  Updated by system to show the date this WAVE was created.     o Last Executed Date - Not Updateable.  Updated by system to show the date this WAVE was last run.     o Last Updated Date - Not Updateable.  Updated by system to show the date this WAVE was last updated."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-DEC-2021 10:24:29"|"Wave Detail"|"WAVE DETAIL"|"1"|"UC-52"
"158"|"Find out who is providing data in my area - Filter    This screen is used to enter filtering information to query organizations that are providing data in an area.    Step 1 (Required - Select one filter)  This section will filter the Monitoring Locations that will be returned.  You can click on the All Monitoring Locations check-box to bypass filtering by Monitoring Location data, or you can select/enter other filtering information to limit which monitoring locations will be returned.  The other filtering options for Monitoring Locations are:  • Zip Code § - You can start entering a valid zip code and the system will provide a list of zip codes that match the numbers entered from which you can select the desired zip code.  • County - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • HIC12 - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • WBID - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Basin - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Water Management District - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • DEP District -  A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Waterbody Name § - You can start entering a valid waterbody name and the system will provide a list of names that match the what you have entered from which you can select the name.  • Location Radius Search - You can enter a Lat / Long and enter the radius to search from that point.    o DEP Latitude - You can enter a value in the range 24 to 31.    o DEP Longitude - You can enter a value in the range 80 to 88.    o Radius Search from Lat/Long  - You can enter a value between .01 and 50.     Step 2 (Optional - Select one or more filters)  This section allows you to enter additional filters to limit what will be displayed.   Multi Select fields:  Select a value in the left dropdown list and click on Add to move the value to the selected list on the right.  Select a value in the selected list on the right and click on Remove to unselect a value.  • Primary Type - A multi select field to select the desired value(s).    • Secondary Type - If any Primary Types are selected, this dropdown list will be limited to secondary types associated with the selected primary types.  Allows multiple values to be selected.  • DEP Anaylyte Group - A multi select field to select the desired value(s).  • DEP Analyte Name - If any Analyte Groups are selected, this dropdown list will be limited to analytes associated with the selected groups.  Allows multiple values to be selected.  • Sampling Start Date From and To - The dates can be entered or selected from the popup calendars.  The To date must be the same or after the From date.  Format if enter the date is MM/DD/YYYY.    Run Report - To be able to run the report, at least one option must be entered in Step 1.  After all filtering criteria is entered, click on this button to have the system display all organizations that have collective data matching the filters entered."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-MAR-2022 14:37:27"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Who is providing data in my area - Filter"|"1"|"PR1"
"159"|"Find out who is providing data in my area - Organization Results    This screen will display all Organizations that met the selection criteria entered on the Who is providing data in my area filter screen.  From this screen you can select one or more organizations and choose one of the report options at the bottom of the screen.    Fields displayed in the Organization Results grid:  • Select All - If the checkbox in the header row is clicked, all records will be selected.  If clicked again, all records will become unselected.  Each organization in the grid will have a checkbox to select organizations individually.  • Organization ID  • Organization Name  • Initial Sample Date  • Latest Sample Date  • # of Samples    Organization Results Features:  • Filters Used:  will list all filters and values entered from the Filter screen.  • Report Run on Month Day, Year  • DEP Disclaimer    REPORT BUTTONS:  • Show Org Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Organization Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Show Projects for Org - If clicked, you will be taken to the Project Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Show Monitoring Location Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Monitoring Location Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Map Monitoring Locations - Will take you to the Map Monitoring Locations screen displaying the monitoring locations on the map.  • Show Sample Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Sample Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-MAR-2022 14:47:17"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Who is providing data in my area - Results"|"1"|"PR1"
"160"|"See where data have been collected in my area - Filter    This screen is used to enter filtering information to query where data have been collected in an area.    Step 1 (Required - Select one filter)  This section will filter the Monitoring Locations that will be returned.  You can click on the All Monitoring Locations check-box to filtering by Monitoring Location data, or you can select/enter other filtering information to limit which monitoring locations will be returned.  The other filtering options for Monitoring Locations are:  • Zip Code § - You can start entering a valid zip code and the system will provide a list of zip codes that match the numbers entered from which you can select the desired zip code.  • County - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • HIC12 - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • WBID - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Basin - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Water Management District - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • DEP District - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Waterbody Name § - You can start entering a valid waterbody name and the system will provide a list of names that match the what you have entered from which you can select the name.  • Location Radius Search - You can enter a Lat/Long and enter the radius to expand the search from that point.    o DEP Latitude - You can enter a value in the range 24 to 31.    o DEP Longitude - You can enter a value in the range 80 to 88.    o Radius Search from Lat/Long  - You can enter a value between .01 and 50.      Step 2 (Optional - Select one or more filters)  This section allows you to enter additional filters to limit what will be displayed.   Multi Select fields:  Select a value in the left dropdown list and click on Add to move the value to the selected list on the right.  Select a value in the selected list on the right and click on Remove to unselect a value.    • Organization ID - Name - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Primary Type - A multi select field to select the desired value(s).    • Secondary Type - If any Primary Types are selected, this dropdown list will be limited to secondary types associated with the selected primary types.  Allows multiple values to be selected.  • DEP Analyte Group - A multi select field to select the desired value(s).  • DEP Analyte Name - If any Analyte Groups are selected, this dropdown list will be limited to analytes associated with the Analyte Group(s) already selected.  Allows multiple values to be selected.  • Sampling Start Date From and To - The dates can be entered or selected from the popup calendars.  The To date must be the same or after the From date.  Format if enter the date is MM/DD/YYYY.    Run Report - To be able to run the report, at least one option must be entered in Step 1.  After all filtering criteria is entered, click on this button to have the system display all Monitoring Locations on the Map Monitoring Locations screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-MAR-2022 14:54:53"|"WIN Public Reports"|"See where data have been collected in my area - Filter"|"1"|"PR2"
"162"|"Find my watershed - Filter    This screen is used to enter a Zip Code to filter for watershed information in a particular area.    Enter your Zip Code to locate your Watershed  • Zip Code § - You can start entering a valid zip code and the system will provide a list of zip codes that match the numbers entered from which you can select the desired zip code.    Run Report - To be able to run the report, a zip code must be entered.  Click on this button to retrieve all organizations that have collected data matching the zip code entered."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-MAR-2022 15:00:00"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Find my watershed - Filter"|"1"|"PR3"
"163"|"Find my watershed- Watershed Results    This screen will display all Watersheds located within the Zip Code entered.  From this screen you can select one or more watersheds and choose one of the report options at the bottom of the screen.    Fields displayed in the Watershed Results grid:  • Select All - If the checkbox in the header row is clicked, all records will be selected.  If clicked again, all records will become unselected.  Each watershed in the grid will have a checkbox to select records individually.  • HUC 12  • HUC Basin    Watershed Results Features:  • Filters Used:  will list all filters and values entered from the Filter screen.  • Report Run on Month Day, Year  • DEP Disclaimer   REPORT BUTTONS:  • Map Monitoring Locations - Will take you to the Map Monitoring Locations screen displaying the monitoring locations on the map.  • Show Monitoring Location Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Monitoring Location Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish include in the report.  • Show Sample Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Sample Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to include in the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"22-MAR-2022 15:04:11"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Find my watershed - Results"|"1"|"PR3"
"164"|"Learn about the data in my area - Filter    This screen is used to enter filtering information for a user to be able to display information about the data that has been collected in an area.    Multi Select fields:  Select a value in the left dropdown list and click on Add to move the value to the selected list on the right.  Select a value in the selected list on the right and click on Remove to unselect a value.    Step 1 (Required - Select one or more)  • DEP Analyte Group - A multi select field to select the desired value(s).  • DEP Analyte Name - If any Analyte Groups are selected, this dropdown list will be limited to analytes associated with the selected groups.  Allows multiple values to be selected.    Step 2 (Required - Select one)  This section will limit the Monitoring Locations that will be pulled.  You can bypass any filtering on Monitoring Location by clicking on the All Monitoring Locations check box, or you can select/enter other filtering information to limit which monitoring locations can be pulled.  The other filtering options for Monitoring Locations are:  • Zip Code § - You can start entering a valid zip code and the system will provide a list of zip codes that match the numbers entered from which you can select the desired zip code.  • County - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • HIC12 - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • WBID - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Basin - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Water Management District - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • DEP District -  A Dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Waterbody Name § - You can start entering a valid waterbody name and the system will provide a list of names that match the what you have entered from which you can select the name.  • Location Radius Search - You can enter a Lat / Long and enter the radius to search from that point.    o DEP Latitude - You can enter a value in the range 24 to 31.    o DEP Longitude - You can enter a value in the range 80 to 88.    o Radius Search from Lat/Long  - You can enter a value between .01 and 50.     Step 3 (Optional - Select one or more)  This section allows you to enter additional filters to limit what will be displayed.   • Organization ID - Name - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value.  • Primary Type - A multi select field to select the desired value(s).    • Secondary Type - If any Primary Types are selected, this dropdown list will be limited to secondary types associated with the selected primary types.  Allows multiple values to be selected.  • Sampling Start Date From and To - The dates can be entered or selected from the popup calendars.  The To date must be the same or after the From date.  Format if enter the date is MM/DD/YYYY.    Show Sample Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Sample Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"27-MAY-2022 14:51:42"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Learn about the data in my area - Filter"|"1"|"PR4"
"165"|"Review the Growth of WIN Data     This screen allows you to select the report you want to run by selecting the check box next to the desired report.    Step 1 (Required - Select one)  Each available report has a checkbox that can be selected to run that report.  Once you select a report, additional steps will be displayed to allow you to enter filter information for that report.  Only one report can be selected at time.  If you have entered filter information for a report and then select a different report, a message will warn you that everything entered will be lost.  The reports available are:  • New Results loaded into WIN by Month (Histogram)  • Total Selected Result Counts using Custom Filters (Frequency Table)"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"27-MAY-2022 14:55:10"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Review the Growth of WIN Data"|"1"|"PRWG"
"166"|"Review the Growth of WIN Data - New Results loaded into WIN by Month (Histogram)    This screen allows you to enter a month/year range to display the number of samples, by Analyte group, in a histogram.    Step 2 (Required - Select Result Loaded Date Range (maximum range is 5 years)  • Result Loaded Date From & To fields - The dates must be entered in the format of MM/YYYY.  The To date must be greater than the From Date.  Both dates must be entered.    After entering the From and To dates click on Show Report.    The system will display the most recent month/year first, with the remaining month/years displayed below.  A scroll bar will be available if more than one month is displayed to scroll down.    Histogram:  • The Months will be displayed at the bottom of the histogram using the three character abbreviations.  • All Analyte Groups that have samples will be displayed in the legend and assigned a color.  • The left side of the histogram will show the number of samples starting at 0 and increasing in equal increments up to cover the range.  • Each month that has data will show a bar that is color coded showing the amount of each Analyte Group."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"27-MAY-2022 15:03:26"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Review the Growth of WIN Data - New Results loaded into WIN by Month (Histogram)"|"1"|"PRNR"
"167"|"Deleted Monitoring Location List    This screen is used to view the Deleted Monitoring Locations requested from the Load Report where you have clicked on “Records Deleted within Selected Range” for Monitoring Locations.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.    DELETED MONITORING LOCATION LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the drop-down arrows next to the column header.  Click again to alternate between ascending and descending order.    You can use the text boxes below the headings to filter the records displayed.  You can use the wildcard “%” to get the results you are wanting.  If you just enter “value”, records with only “value” as the value will be returned.  If you want every record that has “value” contained in that field, then enter “%value%”.  If you want to pull all records where this field starts with “value”, then enter “value%”.  To pull all records that end with “value” enter “%value”.  Click on the X next to the text box to remove a filter.    • Select this Page - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can select records individually to indicate which records will be selected when “Map Monitoring Locations” or the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked. • Mon Loc ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Deleted Monitoring Location Detail screen.  • Monitoring Location History PK - Primary Key assigned to the deleted monitoring location record in the History file.  • Org ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Organization List and Detail screen with this Organization highlighted.  • Monitoring Location Name  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Waterbody Name  • Well Type    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the number of pages with the current page you are on (example- 1 of 3).  The count to the lower right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records (example - 1 - 100 of 253).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page.       MONITORING LOCATION LIST ACTIONS:   • Map Monitoring Locations - If you select this action, the system passes the selected monitoring location IDs for use in displaying the locations on the MapDirect interface showing all of the selected Monitoring Locations on the map.  • Export Selected Records - You will use this after you have checked at least one Monitoring Location to Export.  The system will calculate the number of records that will be exported.  If the record count is over the max limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed telling you that the report will be run after hours and you will receive an email when completed instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If the record count is below the max limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report will be delivered to you as a pipe (|) delimited txt file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"21-JUL-2020 11:15:20"|"Deleted Monitoring Location List"|"Deleted Monitoring Location List"|"1"|"UC-40"
"168"|"Deleted Monitoring Location Detail    This screen is used to view a Deleted Monitoring Location record.  You can click on the “Map Monitoring Location” button to view the location on a map.  The Well Tab is only enabled for GW Monitoring Locations.   LOCATION DATA FIELDS:  • Organization ID - Required • Org Name - Required • Monitoring Location ID - Required • Monitoring Location Name - Required • STORET Monitoring Location ID  • Primary Type - Required • Secondary Type  • Waterbody Name  • Decimal Degree Latitude • Decimal Degree Longitude  • Latitude Measure - (DD:MM:SS:SSSS) • Longitude Measure - (-DD:MM:SS:SSSS) • Org Datum  • Org Method  • Source Map Scale  • DEP Latitude  • DEP Longitude  • DEP Point Moved  • Verifier Name  •Verifier Timestamp  • DEP Datum  • DEP Method  • DEP Source Map Scale • Object of Interest  • Proximity to Object Identifier  • NHD Reach Code  • NHD Reach Code Date  • County  • WBID  • DEP District  • Water Management District  • Basin  • Planning Unit  • HUC 8  • HUC 12  • Basin Group Number • State  • Land Surface Elevation Value (ft)  • Land Surface Elevation Datum  • Land Surface Elevation Method  • Additional Contact Information  • Additional Owner Information  • Calculated Spring Magnitude  • Historic Spring Magnitude  • Monitoring Location Comment  • Monitoring Location Description  WELL DATA FIELDS: • Organization ID - Required • Org Name - Required • Monitoring Location ID – Required • Monitoring Location Name - Required • Florida Unique ID - Required • Well Type  • Will Status  • Aquifer Confinement  • Well Total Depth(ft) - Required • Well Casing Depth(ft) - Required • Well Screen Open Hole Begin Depth(ft) • Well Screen Open Hole End Depth(ft) • Well Construction Method  • Well Construction Method Explanation • Well Drill Date - (MM/DD/YYYY) • Well Finish  • Well Casing Material  • Well Casing Diameter(in) • Well Screen Material • Well Screen Diameter(in) •Well Lead Weight  • Well Water Level Recorder Indicator  • Well Log Type  • Primary Elevation Value • Primary Elevation Reference • Primary Elevation Method • Primary Elevation Datum • Secondary Elevation Value  • Secondary Elevation Reference • Secondary Elevation Method  • Secondary Elevation Datum • Top of Aquifer  • Bottom of Aquifer"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"14-MAR-2019 10:32:30"|"Deleted Monitoring Location Detail"|"Location Data"|"1"|"UC-41"
"169"|"Deleted Monitoring Location Detail - Well Data    This screen is used to view Deleted Monitoring Location Well data.  You can click on the “Map Monitoring Location” button to view the location on a map.    MONITORING LOCATION DETAIL FIELDS:  • Organization ID  • Org Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name    WELL DATA FIELDS:  • Florida Unique ID  • Well Type  • Well Status  • Aquifer Confinement  • Well Total Depth (ft)  • Well Casing Depth (ft)  • Well Screen Open Hole Begin Depth (ft)  • Well Screen Open Hole End Depth (ft)  • Well Construction Method  • Well Construction Method Explanation  • Well Drill Date  • Well Finish  • Well Casing Material  • Well Casing Diameter (in)  • Well Screen Material - SVL  • Well Screen Diameter (in)  • Well Lead Weight  • Well Water Level Record Indicator  • Well Log Type  • Primary Elevation Value (ft)  • Primary Elevation Reference  • Primary Elevation Method  • Primary Elevation Datum  • Secondary Elevation Value (ft)  • Secondary Elevation Reference  • Secondary Elevation Method  • Secondary Elevation Datum  • Top of Aquifer  • Bottom of Aquifer"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 09:00:56"|"Deleted Monitoring Location Detail"|"Well Data"|"1"|"UC-42"
"170"|"Deleted Activity List    This screen is used to view the Deleted Activities requested from the Load Report where you have clicked on “Records Deleted within Selected Range” for Activities.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.     DELETED ACTIVITY LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.     You can use the text boxes below the headings to filter the records displayed.  Along with filtering using exact values, you can also use the wildcard “%”  to find records that contain a desired value.  For example, if you enter the filter “27”, only records with “27” as the exact value will be returned.  If you want every record that has “27” contained in that field, enter “%27%”.  If you want all records where a field starts with “27”, enter “27%”.  If you want all records that end with “27”, enter “%27”.  Click on the X next to the text box to remove a filter.    • Select this Page - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  You can also manually select records to indicate which ones will be exported when the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the desired records.  • Activity ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Deleted Activity Detail screen.  • Activity History Key - Primary Key assigned to the deleted activity record in the History file.  • Org ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Organization List and Detail screen with this Organization highlighted.  • Mon Loc ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Monitoring Location Detail screen.  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • Depth in Feet (will display fields Activity Depth, Activity Top Depth and Activity Bottom Depth with a “/” between each)  •  Sampling Agency Name    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on out of the total number of pages available (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records available (example - 1 - 100 of 253).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    •  (|<) will take you to the first page.   •  (<) will take you to the previous page.  •  (>) will take you to the next page.   •  (>|) will take you to the last page.       ACTIVITY LIST ACTIONS:   •  Export Selected Records - You can use this feature after you have checked at least one Activity to Export the selected records.  The system will calculate the number of records that will be exported.  If over the limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed telling you that the report will be run after hours and that you will receive an email when completed instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If below the limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report is delivered as a pipe (|) delimited .txt file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 10:43:34"|"Deleted Activity List"|"Deleted Activity List"|"1"|"UC-45"
"171"|"Deleted Activity Detail - Activity    This screen is used to view the detail for Deleted Activity records.    ACTIVITY DETAIL FIELDS:  • Organization ID  • Organization Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Activity ID  • Activity Type    ACTIVITY TAB:  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity End Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Activity Time Zone  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • Sampling Agency Name  • Sample Collection Equipment Type  • Activity Depth  • Activity Depth Unit  • Activity Top Depth  • Activity Bottom Depth  • Activity Top Bottom Depth Unit  • Relative Depth  • Total Depth  • Total Depth Unit  • Activity Representative Indicator  • Activity Comments  • Sampler Name  • Field Blank Batch ID  • Equipment Blank Batch ID  • Trip Blank Batch ID  • Master Activity ID  •  Back to Activity List - You will use this to be taken back to the Deleted Activity List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Deleted Activity Detail"|"Activity"|"1"|"UC-45a"
"172"|"Deleted Activity Detail - Results    This tab is used to list Results associated with the deleted activity and allow exporting of the results.    RESULTS DETAIL FIELDS:  The data in this section is not directly updateable.  You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.     You can use the text boxes below the headings to filter the records displayed.  Along with filtering using exact values, you can also use the wildcard “%”  to find results that contain a desired value.  For example, if you enter the filter “27”, only records with “27” as the exact value will be returned.  If you want every record that has “27” contained in that field, enter “%27%”.  If you want all records where a field starts with “27”, enter “27%”.  If you want all records that end with “27”, enter “%27”.  Click on the X next to the text box to remove a filter.    • Select All checkbox - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  You can also manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.    • DEP Result ID - Hyperlink will take you to the Deleted Results Detail  • ORG Result ID  • DEP Analyte Name   • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Unit  • DEP Result Value   • DEP Result Unit   • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Lab ID    •  Export Selected Records - You can use this feature after you have checked at least one Result to Export the selected records.  The system will calculate the number of records to be exported.  If over the limit for immediate report delivery, a message will be displayed informing you that the report will be run after hours and that you will receive an email instructing you how to retrieve your exported data.  If below the limit, the system will run the report and display a message on your screen when the zipped file is ready.  The report is delivered as a pipe (|) delimited txt file."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 10:42:08"|"Deleted Activity Detail"|"Results"|"1"|"UC-45b"
"173"|"Deleted Activity Detail - Associated Projects    This tab is used to view Projects that are linked to the Deleted Activity.    ASSOCIATED PROJECTS FIELDS:  The data in this section is not directly updateable.    You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.     You can use the text boxes below the headings to filter the records displayed.  You can use the wildcard “%”  to get the results you are wanting.  For example, If you just enter “project”, only records with only “project” as the value will be returned.  If you want every record that has “project” contained in that field, then enter “%project%”.  If you want to pull all records where this field starts with “project”, then enter “project%” and  to pull all records that end with “project” enter “%project”.  Click on the X next to the text box to remove a filter.    • Project ID   • Project Name  • Project Description"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 10:28:12"|"Deleted Activity Detail"|"Associated Projects"|"1"|"UC-45c"
"174"|"Deleted Result List    This screen is used to view and export the Deleted Results requested from the Load Report where you have clicked on “Records Deleted within Selected Range” for Field/Lab Results, Field QC Results or Lab QC Results.  This screen is display only, no updates are allowed.       DELETED RESULTS LIST FIELDS:  You can sort the records on any field by clicking on the pull-down arrows next to the field header at the top of the row to alternate between ascending and descending order.  The default sort order is:  Activity ID, Activity Start Date, Monitoring Location ID and ADaPT Analyte ID.    You can use the text boxes below the headings to filter the records displayed.  Along with filtering using exact values, you can also use the wildcard “%”  to find results that contain a desired value.  For example, if you enter the filter “27”, only records with “27” as the exact value will be returned.  If you want every record that has “27” contained in that field, enter “%27%”.  If you want all records where a field starts with “27”, enter “27%”.  If you want all records that end with “27”, enter “%27”.  Click on the X next to the text box to remove a filter.   • Select this Page - If the checkbox in the heading is checked, all of the records on the page will be checked.  If checked again, all will be unchecked.  Or you can manually select records to indicate which ones will be selected when the “Export Selected Records” action is clicked by checking the box next to the records desired.     • Result ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Activity Detail - Results screen.  •  Result History Key - Primary Key assigned to the deleted results record in the History file.  • Native PK  • Activity ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Activity Detail screen.  • Org ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Organization List and Detail screen.  • Mon Loc ID - If you click on the ID, the hyperlink will take you to the Monitoring Location Detail and Location Data.  • Activity Type  • Activity Start Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Matrix  • Sample Collection Type  • DEP Analyte Name  • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Value Unit  • DEP Result Value Number   • DEP Result Unit  • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Lab ID    RECORD COUNTS AND PAGE NAVIGATION:  Below the grid will be two counts.  In the center will be the count with the current page you are on of how many pages exist (example - 1 of 3).  The count to the right will show the number of the records displayed currently out of the total number of records (example - 1 - 100 of 253).    You can navigate through the pages by using the paging symbols.    • The first one (|<) will take you to the first page.   • The second symbol (<) will take you to the previous page.  • The third symbol (>) will take you to the next page.   • The last symbol (>|) will take you to the last page."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"ADAMS_TL"|"01-APR-2019 10:44:24"|"Deleted Results List"|"Deleted Results List"|"1"|"UC-46"
"176"|"Deleted Result Detail    This screen is used to view Deleted Results record.      RESULT DETAIL FIELDS:  Header Fields:  • Organization ID  • Organization Name  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Activity ID  • Activity Type    Result Fields:  • DEP Result ID  • Org Result ID  • DEP Analyte Name  • ADaPT Analyte ID  • Org Analyte Name  • Org Result Value  • Org Result Unit  • Org MDL  • Org PQL  • Org Detection Unit  • DEP Result Value Number  • DEP Result Unit  • DEP MDL  • DEP PQL  • Value Qualifier  • Sample Fraction  • Prep Method  • Preparation Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Preparation Time Zone  • Analysis Method  • Analysis Date Time (MM/DD/YYYY H24:MI:SS)  • Analysis Time Zone  • Lab ID  • Lab Accreditation Authority  • Result Comments  • Receipt Comments  • Lab Sample ID  • Method Batch ID  • Analytical Batch ID  • Dilution  • Percent Moisture  • Percent Recovery  • Relative Percent Difference  • Error  • Target Species  • Finfish Size  • Finfish Size Unit  • Result Value Type Name  • Statistical Base  • Back to Result List- If you click this you will be taken back to the Deleted Result List screen (this is only displayed if you came from the Result List screen)."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:24:41"|"Deleted Result Detail"|"Deleted Result Detail"|"1"|"uc-46a"
"177"|"History Screen - Current Record    This screen is used to describe the format for the current record displayed from the Organization, Project, Monitoring Location, Activity and Result Detail screens.      CURRENT RECORD:  • Displays CURRENT value of the fields in the record.  • The Modified Date and Modified User Name fields will contain the date and person who last updated the record.    Scroll bars will be available as needed to see all history records.    Close button - Click on this button to be returned to the Detail record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"History"|"Current"|"1"|"all"
"178"|"History Screen - History Records    This screen is used to describe the format for the history records displayed from the Organization, Project, Monitoring Location, Activity and Result Detail screens.      HISTORY RECORDS:  • Each record will contain the values of the record BEFORE the update was saved.  • The records are listed the latest history record first.    Scroll bars will be available as needed to see all history records.    Close button - Click on this button to be returned to the Detail record."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"History"|"History"|"1"|"all"
"179"|"IMPORT CONFIGURATION LIST ACTION BUTTONS:  Once the configuration is identified, you must activate the Radio Button for that configuration and then select the action to be performed from the options below.  • View - You will be taken to the Import Configuration Detail screen to view the detail information.   No updates will be allowed.  • Add - You be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen where to enter the detail information to create a new Import Configuration.   • Edit - You be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen where the detail information is displayed for update.    • Clone Configuration - You will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  The selected configuration will be displayed with the Name and Organization fields blanked out for you to enter a new name and select the organization associated to the new configuration.  The system will also create a new ID for this new configuration.   You can make changes to other fields as desired to create the new configuration.  • Delete - You will use this option to delete a configuration.  If you answer “OK” to the verification message, the configuration will be removed.  If the “Cancel” option is selected, no delete will be performed.  •   Show System Configurations - When clicked, the “Other Import Configurations” section will be displayed with the SYSTEM configurations listed.  •   Show Other Org Configurations - When clicked, the “Other Import Configurations” section will be displayed with the configurations for Organizations for which you have no active role will be listed.   •   Hide System Configurations - When clicked, the “Other Import Configurations” section with the SYSTEM configurations listed will be removed from the screen.   •   Hide Other Org Configurations - When clicked, the “Other Import Configurations” section with the configurations for Organizations to which you have no active role listed will be removed from the screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Manage Configs"|"Import Configuration List"|"2"|"UC-10"
"180"|"Manage Configs - System Import Configurations    This section of the “Manage Configs” screen is displayed when you select the “Show System Configurations”.  This screen allows you to access common import configurations  which are created and managed by the WIN Administrators.  These configurations can be cloned for your use.  The WIN Administrator can update and delete the configurations from this screen.    SYSTEM IMPORT CONFIGURATIONS FIELDS:   No updates to the Import Configurations are allowed from this screen by users other than WA.  The data is provided to allow identification of the desired configuration.#  You can sort the data list by a particular data field by clicking on the pull-down arrow on the data field header at the top of the row (when available).  You can use the text boxes below the fields to filter the records displayed.  For Text fields, the filter searches for “like” match of the value entered, and you can use the % wildcard (i.e. aa%, %aa, %aa%). The search is not case sensitive.  For Numeric, Date, SVL and Smart Search fields, the filter searches for an “equal” match of the value entered. On Dates, the time portion is not included in the filter process.  After entering the filters, press the Enter key to filter the records.  To clear the filter, click on the X next to the text box.    • Select - Click the Radio Button to select a configuration.  • Configuration Type - Indicates the type of configuration.  Samples of types are: Activity and Results, Monitoring Location (GW), Monitoring Location (SW), Project.  • Organization ID - Will be “SYSTEM” for system configurations.  • Configuration Name - The name given to the configuration for identification.  • Configuration ID - The system generated identifier assigned to this configuration.  • Last Modified By - Displays the user who last modified the configuration.    IMPORT CONFIGURATION LIST ACTION BUTTONS:  Once the configuration is identified, the user activates the Radio Button for the desired configuration and then selects the action to be performed.  • View - You will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen to view the detail information.   No updates will be allowed.  • Clone Configuration - You will be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen.  The cloned configuration will be displayed without the “Org ID” and “Name” fields so you can select/enter the new information.  The system will also create a new config ID for this new configuration.  You can make changes to other fields as desired to create the new configuration.   WA ONLY ACTION BUTTONS:  • Add - You be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen to enter the detail information to create a new Import Configuration.   • Edit - You be taken to the “Import Configuration Detail” screen where the detail information is displayed for update.   • Delete - You will use this option to delete a configuration.  If you answer “OK” to the verification message, the configuration will be removed.  If the “Cancel” option is selected, no delete will be performed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Manage Configs"|"System Import Configurations"|"1"|"UC-10"
"181"|"Verify Monitoring Locations     This screen is used to identify the number of monitoring locations that are remaining to be verified and those that have been successfully verified in the records of the import dataset.  A hyperlink for each Monitoring Location will be available on the Locations to Verify tab to navigate to the Map Mon Locations tab to do Visual Verification.     VERIFY MONITORING LOCATIONS FIELDS / BUTTONS:  • Org ID - Organization ID of the organization.  • Type - Configuration Type (Monitoring Location (SW), Monitoring Location (GW), Activity and Results, Project)  • Configuration ID - Displayed as a hyperlink to take you to the Import Configuration Detail screen • Config Name - Configuration Name  • Import File - Import File Name  • Import File ID  • Back to Staged Data Status button - When clicked, will return you to the Staged Data Status screen displaying the dataset previously displayed."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"NELSON_JM"|"30-MAY-2019 15:07:59"|"Verify Monitoring Locations"|"Verify Monitoring Locations"|"1"|"uc-21"
"182"|"Audit Detail - Audit Queries    This screen allows you to view the details for Audit records.  The screen has two sections, the “Audit Detail” and the “Audit Queries”.   This Audit Queries section displays the list of Audit Queries related to the audit.    You have come to this screen for one of the following reasons:  • You selected Audits from the menu to query a specific Audit ID, or to create an Audit List of multiple Audits meeting the filtering criteria entered.  • You selected Add New Audit from the Audit (Search and List screen).  • From the Welcome you clicked on an Audit ID related hyperlink in the “My Reminders” section.    AUDIT QUERIES FIELDS / BUTTONS:   • Query ID - Displays as a hyperlink.  If you click the hyperlink, you will be taken to the Audit Query Detail screen to see the Query Detail and the Results.  • Description of Query  • Query Status  • Add New button - Only enabled if you have a role of WA or AM.  If you click on this button, you will be taken to the Audit Query Detail screen in insert mode to add a new Query.    • Back to Audit List - If clicked will take you to the Audit Search and List screen.  Only enabled if you came from the Audit Search and List screen."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Audit Detail"|"Audit Queries"|"1"|"UC-29a"
"183"|"Review the Growth of WIN Data - Total Selected Result Counts using Custom Filters (Frequency Table)    This screen allows you to enter Sample and Monitoring Location filtering information to produce a Frequency Table report.    Glossary - Click on this to have a new window displayed showing the glossary of terms used in WIN.    Clear All - Click on this to clear all entered criteria.    Step 2 (Required - Select either Result Loaded Date Range or Sampling Start Date Range (maximum range is 5 years)  • Date From & To fields - The dates must be entered in the format of MM/DD/YYYY.  The To date must be greater than the From Date.  Both dates must be entered.  • If the Result Loaded Date is entered the Sampling Start Date fields will be disabled (grayed out) and vice versa.    Step 3 (Required - Select one or more analytes or groups)  • All Analyte Groups - If this field is checked, all Analytes will be included and the remaining fields in this section will be disabled.  • DEP Analyte Group - Allows multiple groups to be selected by highlighting a DEP Analyte Group on the left side and clicking on Add.  The selected group will be placed in the selected list on the right.  To unselect a group, highlight a selected group and click on Remove.  • DEP Analyte Name - Allows multiple analytes to be selected by highlighting an Analyte on the left side and clicking on Add.  The selected Analyte will be placed in the selected list on the right.  To unselect an Analyte, highlight a selected Analyte and click on Remove.  If one or more analyte groups are selected, the DEP Analyte Name list will be limited to analytes associated with the selected groups.    Step 4 (Optional - Select one or more additional filters)  All drop down lists will only contain values that exist in the Warehouse.  If a County has no monitoring locations, it will not be available for selection.  • All Monitoring Locations - If selected, all monitoring locations will be included and the remaining fields in this section will be disabled.  • Zip Code § - You can start entering a valid zip code and the system will provide a list of zip codes that match the numbers entered from which you can select the desired zip code.  Valid zip codes are in the range 32100 - 34999.  • County - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • HUC12 - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • WBID - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Basin - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Water Management District - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Waterbody Name § - You can start entering a name and the system will provide a list of waterbodies that match what you have entered from which you can select the desired waterbody.  • Location Radius Search:  DEP Latitude (Range 24 to 31), DEP Longitude (Range 80 to 88), Radius (mi) (¿ Range 0.0001 – 50.00)  • Organization ID - Name  - A dropdown list is provided to select the desired value. • Project Intended Use - Multi Select  • Audit Censored Decisions - Multi Select  • Primary Type - Multi Select  • Secondary Type - Multi Select - If Primary Type(s) are selected, this list will be limited to Secondary Types associated with the selects Primary Types.  Step 5 (Required - Group Result Counts by) Radio buttons are present for each option to be selected.  ONly one option can be selected at a time.  The options are: No Group Organization ID-Name Monitoring Locaiton ID-Name DEP ANalyte Group DEP Analyte Group WBID NHD Reach Code Basin"|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SCHWENNING_L"|"27-MAY-2022 15:16:06"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Total Selected Result Counts using Custom Filters (Frequency Table)"|"1"|"UC-54"
"184"|"Step 5 (Required – Group Result Counts by)  • No Group:  Output will contain a single row showing AS FILTERED & COUNT  • Organization ID - Name:  Output will contain a row for each Organization showing Organization ID – Name & COUNT  • Monitoring Location ID - Name:  Output will contain a row for each Monitoring Location showing Monitoring Location ID – Name & COUNT  • DEP Analyte Group:  Output will contain a row for each Analyte Group showing DEP Analyte Group & COUNT  • DEP Analyte Name:  Output will contain a row for each Analyte showing DEP Analyte Name & COUNT   • WBID:  Output will contain a row for each WBID showing WBID & COUNT  • NHD Reach Code:  Output will contain a row for each Reach Code showing NHD Reach Code & COUNT  • Basin:  Output will contain a row for each Basin showing Basin & COUNT    Submit Report - After entering your filtering criteria and Group choice, click this to have the report submitted to be run overnight and be notified via email with the link to your output file when completed.  If you are signed in to WIN you will have a list of Email addresses to select one from.  If you are not signed on, you will be instructed to enter the email address the notification will be sent to."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"WIN Public Reports"|"Total Selected Result Counts using Custom Filters (Frequency Table)"|"2"|"UC-54"
"185"|"Standard Value Extraction    This screen allows the user to select all or a single WIN Standard Value and have all Active and Inactive codes extracted.    Glossary - Click on this to have a new window displayed showing the glossary of terms used in WIN.    If you want to pull the code values for all WIN Standard Values, select the All WIN Standard Value option by clicking the radio button in the Select column.  If you want to pull the values for a single WIN Standard Value, click the radio button next the name of the WIN Standard Value.  If you need to see the complete description for a Standard Value, click in the Description field and a popup window will display the complete description.  After selecting the codes you want to extract, click on the Extract button.  The system will ask you to verify you want to do the extract.  You can click on OK to proceed with the extraction or Cancel to not proceed.    The extraction will be delivered to you in a zipped file.  Once you un-zip the text pipe delimited file(s), you can view the text file(s) or load the file(s) into Excel.  The fields extracted will be different for each Standard Value.  All will contain certain fields such as the code table ID, the Start Date, End Date, description, etc.  The Last Modified By and Last Modified Date fields will not be extracted."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"WIN Public Reports"|"Learn about WIN Standard Values"|"1"|"UC-53"
"186"|"Plot One Analyte Over Time    This screen allows you to enter criteria to Plot an Analyte over a selected period of time, with a maximum of 5 years between the Activity Start and End dates.    Glossary - Click on this to have a new window displayed showing the glossary of terms used in WIN.    Step 1 (Required - Select Monitoring Location or one NHD and one Primary Type)  In this section you must select a Monitoring Location or a NHD Reach Code and Primary Type.  If you came here by selecting a Monitoring Location and clicking on Plot One Analyte Over Time, the ID will be passed and displayed in the Monitoring Location ID - Name field and the NHD Reach Code and Primary and Secondary Types will not be displayed.    Monitoring Location ID - Name from the dropdown list.  If you want ID 422074, you can click into the field and start entering 422.  The system will take you down the list to the first entry that starts will 422.  From there you can find your desired ID.    If you do not select a monitoring location, you must select a NHD Reach Code and a Primary Type from the dropdown lists.  You may also select a Secondary Type if desired, but it is not required.  The list of Secondary Types will be limited to ones associated with the selected Primary Type.    Step 2 (Required - Select remaining mandatory filters)  In this section you must select the Analyte to be plotted and the date range to plot.  The date range entered can span a maximum of 5 years.  All fields are required.  • Media - Defaults to Water.  • DEP Analyte Name - Unit - Select a single value from the dropdown list.  • Sample Fraction - Select a single value from the dropdown list.  • Activity Start Date Range (Max 5 years) From and To     o If both dates are entered, the To date must be the same or after the From date.     o If both dates are entered, the time span between them cannot exceed 5 years.     o If only the From date is entered, the To date will be set to 5 years after the From date (or to current date if less than 5 years).     o If only the To date is entered, the From date will be set to 5 years before the To date.    Show Report - Once all required fields contain valid data click on this to produce the plot below the filter section.  A plot will be displayed for each calendar year within the date range if data exists for the year.  Each plot will have the Analyte - Unit and the value for each line in the grid on the left side and the months on the bottom.   As the Legend show, a circle will be plotted where the month and value meet on the grid for each Result for the Analyte meeting the filtering data entered.    Clear All - To remove all filter information entered and Plots (if any have been displayed) and start over, click on Clear All.  The screen will be refreshed removing all data and plots."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"WIN Public Reports"|"Plot One Analyte Over Time"|"1"|"PR5"
"187"|"Search for Data using a Map    This screen allows you to search for Monitoring Locations and display the Monitoring Locations that met the criteria you entered on the map and display the Monitoring Locations in a list below the Map with options to produce additional reports.      Click in the box in the upper left of the map that has the magnifying glass in it and 3 options will be displayed.  Click on the option you wish to search by and then select the value you wish to search by from the dropdown list.  The system will search for all monitoring locations that match your selection.    Fields you can search by:  • Find by Organization ID  • Find by County  • Find by Waterbody ID    Map Monitoring Locations    All monitoring locations that met the criteria you entered will be displayed on the map.  You may need to zoom in to have them displayed.  You can do this by using the scroll on your mouse or the zoom feature of the map.     Fields displayed in the Monitoring Location grid:  • Select All - If the checkbox in the header row is clicked, all records will be checked.  If clicked again, all records will become unchecked.  Each monitoring location in the grid will have a checkbox to select them individually.  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Organization ID  • Organization Name    REPORT BUTTONS:  • Show Org Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Organization Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Show Monitoring Location Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Monitoring Location Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Show Sample Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Sample Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"22-MAR-2019 13:23:17"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Search for data using a map"|"1"|"PR6"
"188"|"Map Monitoring Locations    This screen displays the Monitoring Locations that met the criteria you entered and displays the Monitoring Locations in a list below the Map with options to produce additional reports.    Map  All monitoring locations that met the criteria you entered will be displayed on the map.  You may need to zoom in to have them displayed.  You can do this by using the scroll on your mouse or the zoom feature of the map.     Fields displayed in the Monitoring Location grid:  • Select All - If the checkbox in the header row is clicked, all records will be checked.  If clicked again, all records will become unchecked.  Each monitoring location in the grid will have a checkbox to select them individually.  • Monitoring Location ID  • Monitoring Location Name  • Primary Type  • Secondary Type  • Organization ID  • Organization Name    REPORT BUTTONS:  • Show Org Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Organization Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Show Monitoring Location Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Monitoring Location Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report.  • Show Sample Details - If clicked, you will be taken to the Sample Detail Output Options screen to select the options you wish to run the report."|"01-JAN-2014 00:00:00"|""|"SENGUPTA_L"|"25-MAR-2019 16:10:11"|"WIN Public Reports"|"Map Monitoring Locations"|"1"|"PR6"
"189"|"<span />"|"07-JAN-2021 00:00:00"|""|"JOHNSON_WL"|"16-MAR-2021 13:19:19"|"Learn About Data in my Area"|"Browser Warning"|"1"|""
"190"|"Upload Ignore Indicator   This screen is used to locate and upload data files to WIN for data that were reviewed by the data provider and will be excluded from future reports/data cleanup.  The File Type is Record Ignore Indicator.  There is only one import configuration named Record Ignore Indicator Config.  Bpth the File Type and the configuration are auto-populated and a file can be selected from your computer for upload.    FILE UPLOAD FIELDS:  All required fields will have an “*” displayed next to the field name on the screen.  • Type:  Will be auto-populated as Record Ignnore Indicator • Config Name - Will be auto-populated with the Record ignore Indicator Config. • Files on My Computer - Click to navigate to the file to be uploaded • Ignore Leading Header Row in Upload File - You should select this option if the data file selected has a header row, so it is not uploaded as data. • Status - Will show the completion status for the Uploading and Validating processes.  The status will be updated about every 5 seconds during the upload process. • Start Time - The date / time you clicked the Submit button for this configuration / file combination (Import File ID).  • End Time - The date / time the upload and / or validation ended.  Error Counts: Self explanitory • Org ID must be populated and must exist in WIN • DEP Result ID must be populated and must exist in WIN • Rule_Report Number must be populated and must exist in WIN • Ignore Indicator must either be 'Y' or 'N' • Comments are required • Comments must be less than 4000 characters • Duplicates exist within the import file"|"27-OCT-2022 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Upload Ignore Indicator"|"File Upload"|"1"|""
"191"|"Request DEP Role - Contact Address by Organization    This screen is used to request one of the following roles in WIN: WIN Administrator (WA), WIN Coordinator (WC), Program Specific User (PSU), Audit manager (AM), or Code Manager (CM).  This section of the screen is where you enter the Address fields.    CONTACT ADDRESS FIELDS: (At least 1 Address is required)   • Address Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Address 1 - Required.  You can enter up to 50 characters.  • Address 2 - You can enter up to 120 characters.  • City - Required.  You can update by entering up to 50 characters.  As you are entering the city, all cities matching the characters you enter will appear in a list where you can select the city.  • State - Required.  You can update by selecting a state from the drop-down list.  • Zip Code - Required.  You can update by entering up to 5 digits.      CONTACT ADDRESS ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Initially displayed to allow the addition of the first address, and displayed when not in Edit mode to allow adding additional addresses for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in Add mode to allow updating of the address in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow the cancellation of any changes entered.  • Delete - Only displayed if more than one address exists.  When clicked, it will delete the address record in focus if you click OK on the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the address grid to show how many addresses exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last address record."|"17-NOV-2022 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Req DEP Role"|"Contact Address"|"1"|""
"192"|"Request DEP Role - Contact Phone   This screen is used to request one of the following roles in WIN: WIN Administrator (WA), WIN Coordinator (WC), Program Specific User (PSU), Audit manager (AM), or Code Manager (CM).  This section of the screen is where you enter the Phone fields.    CONTACT PHONE FIELDS:  (At least 1 Phone is required)   • Phone No. Type - Required.  You can update by selecting a type from the drop-down list.  • Phone Number - Required.  You can enter the phone number in (999)999-9999 format.  • Phone Extension - You can enter up to 6 numbers.    CONTACT PHONE ACTION BUTTONS:  • + Add - Initially displayed to allow the addition of the first phone number.  After the first number is entered and saved, + Add is displayed to allow adding additional phone numbers for the Organization.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Edit -Displayed when not in + Add mode to allow updating of the phone record in focus.  When clicked, the Save and Cancel buttons will be displayed.  • Save - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow the saving of the changes entered.  • Cancel - Displayed after Edit or Add is selected to allow the canceling of any changes entered. • Delete - Only displayed if more than one phone number exists.  When clicked, it will allow the deletion of the phone number record in focus.   Confirm the deletion by clicking OK in the confirmation message.    RECORD COUNTS and NAVIGATION:  A relative count will be displayed below the phone grid to show how many phone numbers exist for this request and which one you are on (e.g. 2 of 3).  Navigation arrows exist to allow you to go to the First, Next, Previous or Last phone number record."|"17-NOV-2022 00:00:00"|""|""|""|"Req DEP Role"|"Contact Phone"|"1"|""
